Although preliminary findings were reported more than a year ago , the latest results appear in today 's New England Journal of Medicine , a forum likely to bring new attention to the problem .
Dr. Talcott led a team of researchers from the National Cancer Institute and the medical schools of Harvard University and Boston University .
The 30-day simple yield fell to an average 8.19 % from 8.22 % ; the 30-day compound yield slid to an average 8.53 % from 8.56 % .
The government 's borrowing authority dropped at midnight Tuesday to $ 2.80 trillion from $ 2.87 trillion .
He had been a sales and marketing executive with Chrysler for 20 years .
After the race , Fortune 500 executives drooled like schoolboys over the cars and drivers .
More than a few CEOs say the red-carpet treatment tempts them to return to a heartland city for future meetings .
U.S. News ' circulation in the same time was 2,303,328 , down 2.6 % .
The move leaves United Illuminating Co. and Northeast Utilities as the remaining outside bidders for PS of New Hampshire , which also has proposed an internal reorganization plan in Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings under which it would remain an independent company .
New England Electric , based in Westborough , Mass. , had offered $ 2 billion to acquire PS of New Hampshire , well below the $ 2.29 billion value United Illuminating places on its bid and the $ 2.25 billion Northeast says its bid is worth .
No matter who owns PS of New Hampshire , after it emerges from bankruptcy proceedings its rates will be among the highest in the nation , he said .
PS of New Hampshire shares closed yesterday at $ 3.75 , off 25 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
Norman Ricken , 52 years old and former president and chief operating officer of Toys `` R '' Us Inc. , and Frederick Deane Jr. , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking Corp. , were elected directors of this consumer electronics and appliances retailing chain .
The refund was about $ 55 million more than previously ordered by the Illinois Commerce Commission and trade groups said it may be the largest ever required of a state or local utility .
State court Judge Richard Curry ordered Edison to make average refunds of about $ 45 to $ 50 each to Edison customers who have received electric service since April 1986 , including about two million customers who have moved during that period .
On the other hand , had it existed then , Cray Computer would have incurred a $ 20.5 million loss .
Mr. Cray , who could n't be reached for comment , will work for the new Colorado Springs , Colo. , company as an independent contractor -- the arrangement he had with Cray Research .
Besides Messrs. Cray and Barnum , other senior management at the company includes Neil Davenport , 47 , president and chief executive officer ; Joseph M. Blanchard , 37 , vice president , engineering ; Malcolm A. Hammerton , 40 , vice president , software ; and Douglas R. Wheeland , 45 , vice president , hardware .
Mr. Rapanelli met in August with U.S. Assistant Treasury Secretary David Mulford .
THREE COMPUTERS THAT CHANGED the face of personal computing were launched in 1977 .
Big mainframe computers for business had been around for years .
There were many pioneer PC contributors .
IBM , the world leader in computers , did n't offer its first PC until August 1981 as many other companies entered the market .
The sale of Southern Optical is a part of the program .
Neither they nor Mr. McAlpine could be reached for comment .
The rest went to investors from France and Hong Kong .
Italian chemical giant Montedison S.p.A. , through its Montedison Acquisition N.V. indirect unit , began its $ 37-a-share tender offer for all the common shares outstanding of Erbamont N.V. , a maker of pharmaceuticals incorporated in the Netherlands .
The recent explosion of country funds mirrors the `` closed-end fund mania '' of the 1920s , Mr. Foot says , when narrowly focused funds grew wildly popular .
These funds now account for several billions of dollars in assets .
It has been targeted by Japanese investors as a good long-term play tied to 1992 's European economic integration .
Nonetheless , plenty of U.S. analysts and money managers are aghast at the lofty trading levels of some country funds .
Under a 1934 law , the Johnson Debt Default Act , as amended , it 's illegal for Americans to extend credit to countries in default to the U.S. government , unless they are members of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund .
Moscow has settled pre-1917 debts with other countries in recent years at less than face value .
For the first nine months of the year , total construction spending ran about 2 % above last year 's level .
For the fifth consecutive month , purchasing managers said prices for the goods they purchased fell .
They read Mickey Spillane and talk about Groucho and Harpo .
This is Japan ?
'' As Mr. Whiting describes it , Nipponese baseball is a `` mirror of Japan 's fabled virtues of hard work and harmony .
Mr. Katzenstein certainly would have learned something , and it 's even possible Mr. Morita would have too .
A major concern about the current plan is whether the new center can be built in such a short time .
The Polish government increased home electricity charges by 150 % and doubled gas prices .
In ending Hungary 's part of the project , Parliament authorized Prime Minister Miklos Nemeth to modify a 1977 agreement with Czechoslovakia , which still wants the dam to be built .
After years of decline , weddings in France showed a 2.2 % upturn last year , with 6,000 more couples exchanging rings in 1988 than in the previous year , the national statistics office said .
Lead underwriters for the issue are Scotia McLeod Inc. and RBC Dominion Securities Inc. , both Toronto-based investment dealers .
As an actor , Charles Lane is n't the inheritor of Charlie Chaplin 's spirit .
He has a point he wants to make , and he makes it , with a great deal of force .
Her remorse was shallow and brief .
But she did n't deserve to have her head chopped off .
Boeing Co. said it is discussing plans with three of its regular Japanese suppliers to possibly help build a larger version of its popular 767 twin-jet .
Take a look , then , at the main attack commercials that set the tone for Tuesday 's elections in New York City , New Jersey and Virginia :
The campaign has blamed these reporting problems on computer errors .
Virginia : Democratic Lt. Gov. Douglas Wilder opened his gubernatorial battle with Republican Marshall Coleman with an abortion commercial produced by Frank Greer that analysts of every political persuasion agree was a tour de force .
Barrels were dumped on the Courter property , a complaint was made , but there is no evidence the barrels were a serious threat to the environment .
In the past five years , Japanese companies have tripled their commitments in Asia to $ 5.57 billion .
For recipient countries such as Thailand and Malaysia , the investment will provide needed jobs and spur growth .
The student surrendered the notes , but not without a protest .
She had gone so far as to display the questions on an overhead projector and underline the answers .
Critics say South Carolina is paying a price by stressing improved test scores so much .
Paul Sandifer , director of testing for the South Carolina department of education , says Mr. Cannell 's allegations of cheating `` are purely without foundation , '' and based on unfair inferences .
Standing on a shaded hill in a run-down area of this old textile city , the school has educated many of South Carolina 's best and brightest , including the state 's last two governors , Nobel Prize winning physicist Charles Townes and actress Joanne Woodward .
While Mrs. Ward fired and restructured staff and struggled to improve curriculum , Mrs. Yeargin worked 14-hour days and fast became a student favorite .
Winning a bonus for a third year was n't that important to her , Mrs. Yeargin insists .
They found students in an advanced class a year earlier who said she gave them similar help , although because the case was n't tried in court , this evidence was never presented publicly .
`` That pretty much defeats any inkling that she was out to help the poor underprivileged child , '' says Joe Watson , the prosecutor in the case , who is also president of Greenville High School 's alumni association .
To the astonishment and dismay of her superiors and legal authorities -- and perhaps as a measure of the unpopularity of standardized tests -- Mrs .
And legal authorities cranked up an investigation worthy of a murder case .
`` She did a lot of harm , '' says Cathryn Rice , who had discovered the crib notes .
Says Gayle Key , a mathematics teacher , `` The incentive pay thing has opened up a can of worms .
Worksheets in a test-practice kit called Learning Materials , sold to schools across the country by Macmillan|McGraw-Hill School Publishing Co. , contain the same questions .
But some practice products are so similar to the tests themselves that critics say they represent a form of school-sponsored cheating .
He and other critics say such coaching aids can defeat the purpose of standardized tests , which is to gauge learning progress .
`` It 's as if France decided to give only French history questions to students in a European history class , and when everybody aces the test , they say their kids are good in European history , '' says John Cannell , an Albuquerque , N.M. , psychiatrist and founder of an educational research organization , Friends for Education , which has studied standardized testing .
He also asserted that exact questions were n't replicated .
Rick Brownell , senior editor of Scoring High , says that Messrs. Kaminski and Mehrens are ignoring `` the need students have for becoming familiar with tests and testing format .
Messrs. Brownell and Kean say they are unaware of any efforts by McGraw-Hill to modify or discontinue Scoring High .
'' He said the ban wo n't stop privately funded tissue-transplant research or federally funded fetal-tissue research that does n't involve transplants .
Earlier this week , Dr. Sullivan tried to defuse these charges by stressing that candidates to head the NIH and the CDC will be judged by `` standards of scientific and administrative excellence , '' not politics .
`` The disturbing thing about this abortion issue is that the debate has become polarized , so that no mechanism exists '' for finding a middle ground .
The Nasdaq 100 index of the biggest nonfinancial stocks gained 1.39 to 446.62 .
`` A lot of the stocks that have been under water finally saw a reason to uptick , '' said George Jennison , head trader of banking issues in Shearson Lehman Hutton 's OTC department .
The biggest beneficiary was Northeast Bancorp , which surged 7 3|4 to 69 .
Mr. Jennison said Northeast Bancorp also fared well because takeover stocks have returned to favor among investors .
Also on the takeover front , Jaguar 's ADRs rose 1|4 to 13 7|8 on turnover of 4.4 million .
The warnings , issued to at least 100 criminal defense attorneys in several major cities in the last week , have led to an outcry by members of the organized bar , who claim the information is protected by attorney-client privilege .
Individuals familiar with the Justice Department 's policy said that Justice officials had n't any knowledge of the IRS 's actions in the last week .
THE WAR OVER FEDERAL JUDICIAL SALARIES takes a victim .
Often , judges ease into more lucrative private practice with little fanfare , but not federal Judge Raul A. Ramirez in Sacramento , Calif .
The judge declined to discuss his salary in detail , but said : `` I 'm going to be a high-priced lawyer .
In addition to the damages , the suit seeks a court order preventing the guild from punishing or retaliating against Mr. Trudeau .
The rule also prohibits funding for activities that `` encourage , promote or advocate abortion .
Fujitsu Ltd. 's top executive took the unusual step of publicly apologizing for his company 's making bids of just one yen for several local government projects , while computer rival NEC Corp. made a written apology for indulging in the same practice .
In both cases , NEC lost the contract to Fujitsu , which made the same bid and won a tie-breaking lottery .
Japan 's Fair Trade Commission has said it is considering investigating the bids for possible antitrust-law violations .
`` We would like to apologize for having caused huge trouble , '' Fujitsu President Takuma Yamamoto , read from a prepared statement as he stood before a packed news conference at his company 's downtown headquarters .
The fire is also fueled by growing international interest in Japanese behavior .
Backe is a closely held media firm run by former CBS Inc. President John Backe .
But company officials said yesterday that they decided to take a $ 43 million pretax charge for the period to cover a restructuring of world-wide manufacturing operations , citing extended weakness in the market as well as a decision to switch to more economical production techniques .
The charge partly reflects a switch from older five-inch to more-efficient six-inch silicon wafers with which to fabricate chips .
Related to that decision , the company said it was converting its Santa Clara , Calif. , factory to a research and development facility .
'' Yesterday 's announcement was made after markets closed .
While market sentiment remains cautiously bearish on the dollar based on sluggish U.S. economic indicators , dealers note that Japanese demand has helped underpin the dollar against the yen and has kept the U.S. currency from plunging below key levels against the mark .
`` Dollar-yen { trade } is the driving force in the market , '' said Tom Trettien , a vice president with Banque Paribas in New York , `` but I 'm not convinced it will continue .
The forthcoming maturity in November of a 10-year Japanese government yen-denominated bond issue valued at about $ 16 billion has prompted speculation in the market that investors redeeming the bonds will diversify into dollar-denominated instruments , according to Mr. Madison .
Some dealers said the dollar was pressured slightly because a number of market participants had boosted their expectations in the past day and were looking for an index above 50 , which indicates an expanding manufacturing economy .
There was n't .
The Life Insurance Co. of Georgia has officially opened an office in Taipei .
The magazine combines how-to pieces on topics like backyard composting , explanatory essays on such things as what happens after you flush your toilet , and hard-hitting pieces on alleged environmental offenders .
`` The economics of magazine publishing pretty much require that you have a pretty solid base '' of big-time ad spenders , he adds .
It plans to sell the ad time to its clients at a discount .
Billings were n't disclosed for the small account , which had been serviced at Young & Rubicam , New York .
About $ 490 million of that would be allocated to the buy-back , leaving about $ 130 million , he said .
'' He declined to say , however , how much Sea Containers might raise its price .
Safety advocates , including some members of Congress , have been urging the department for years to extend car-safety requirements to light trucks and vans , which now account for almost one-third of all vehicle sales in the U.S .
They did n't have much luck during the Reagan administration .
`` But now , there seems to be a fairly systematic effort to address the problem , '' said Chuck Hurley , vice president of communications for the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety .
'' Sen. John Danforth ( R. , Mo .
Chrysler said its trucks and vans already meet the roof-crush resistance standard for cars .
The multilevel railcars , scheduled for delivery in 1990 , will be made by Thrall Manufacturing Co. , a Chicago Heights , Ill. , division of closely held Duchossois Industries Inc. , Elmhurst , Ill .
Bank of New England Corp. said it has held talks with potential merger partners outside New England , although it added that nothing is imminent and it has n't received any formal offers .
A bank spokeswoman also declined to comment on any merger-related matters , but said the company decided to drop its opposition to the interstate banking legislation because `` prevailing sentiment is in favor of passage .
It recently signed a preliminary agreement to negotiate exclusively with the Bank of Tokyo Ltd. for the sale of part of its leasing business to the Japanese bank .
In the year-ago quarter , the company reported net income of $ 1.9 million , or 29 cents a share .
The fast-food company said its decision was based upon discussions with a shareholder group , Giant Group Ltd. , `` in an effort to resolve certain disputes with the company .
France can boast the lion 's share of high-priced bottles .
) .
Wine auctions have almost exhausted the limited supply of those wines , Mr. Shapiro continued : `` We 've seen a dramatic decrease in demand for wines from the '40s and '50s , which go for $ 300 to $ 400 a bottle .
It 's made only in years when the grapes ripen perfectly ( the last was 1979 ) and comes from a single acre of grapes that yielded a mere 75 cases in 1987 .
`` It 's just sort of a one-upsmanship thing with some people , '' added Larry Shapiro .
That explains why the number of these wines is expanding so rapidly .
'' Retail sales also were reported slow in most districts , particularly `` for discretionary , big-ticket items such as furniture , home appliances and consumer electronics .
Despite the economic slowdown , there are few clear signs that growth is coming to a halt .
As a result , Fed officials may be divided over whether to ease credit .
Each right entitles the shareholder to buy $ 100 face amount of 13.5 % bonds due 1993 and warrants to buy 23.5 common shares at 30 cents a share .
The union vote to reject the proposed pact was 230-215 .
Copperweld said it does n't expect a protracted strike .
-- $ 10 billion of three-year notes , to be auctioned Tuesday and to mature Nov. 15 , 1992 .
They will mature Dec. 21 .
None of the securities will be eligible for when-issued trading until Congress approves an increase in the debt ceiling , clearing the way for a formal offering , Mr. Basham said .
Lancaster Colony Corp. said it acquired Reames Foods Inc. in a cash transaction .
Continuing demand for dollars from Japanese investors boosted the U.S. currency .
The industrial average jumped more than 41 points Tuesday as speculators rushed to buy shares of potential takeover targets .
Big Board volume totaled 154.2 million shares .
Terms were n't disclosed .
NL is officially making the offer .
However , the junk-bond market has collapsed in recent weeks , lessening the likelihood that such a transaction would succeed .
The U.S. wants the removal of what it perceives as barriers to investment ; Japan denies there are real barriers .
The Japanese fret openly about the U.S. public 's rancor .
`` We believe that it is vitally important for those Japanese business interests { in the U.S .
But he has failed to gain any influence at the company .
Koito has refused to grant Mr. Pickens seats on its board , asserting he is a greenmailer trying to pressure Koito 's other shareholders into buying him out at a profit .
`` We feel very strongly that we really need action across the full range of issues we 've identified , and we need it by next spring , '' Mr. Dallara says .
`` We need to clarify what exactly is wrong with it .
That process of sorting out specifics is likely to take time , the Japanese say , no matter how badly the U.S. wants quick results .
Since then , a team of about 15 MITI and U.S. Commerce Department officials have crossed the globe gauging consumer prices .
It eventually secured Ministry of Health import approval for two Candela laser products -- one that breaks up kidney stones and another that treats skin lesions .
At last count , Candela had sold $ 4 million of its medical devices in Japan .
Mitsubishi 's investment in Free State is `` very small ... less than $ 4 million , '' Mr. Wakui says .
A company spokesman declined to elaborate on the departure .
Hudson General , which provides maintenance , fueling and other services to airlines and airports , reported a loss for its most recent fiscal year and last month omitted the semiannual dividend on its common shares .
Among other things , it included checking , safe deposit box and credit card -- all for free -- plus a good deal on installment loans .
So it goes in the competitive world of consumer banking these days .
They are better able to get to those segments in the wake of the deregulation that began in the late 1970s .
2 .
3 .
If the 20-point limit is triggered after 1:30 p.m .
Late that afternoon the S&P 500 stock-index futures contract fell a total of 30 index points , hitting a Merc circuit breaker limit that remained in effect for the rest of the trading session .
A final modification was made to the five-point opening limit for the contract .
The futures industry is regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission , which reports to the Agriculture committees in both houses .
They belong to a group of 15 ringers -- including two octogenarians and four youngsters in training -- who drive every Sunday from church to church in a sometimes-exhausting effort to keep the bells sounding in the many belfries of East Anglia .
Ringers memorize patterns of changes , known as `` methods , '' which have odd-sounding names like Kent Treble Bob Major or Grandsire Caters .
Totally absorbed , the ringers stare straight ahead , using peripheral vision ( they call it `` rope-sight '' ) to watch the other ropes and thus time their pulls .
'' Ringers , she added , are `` filled with the solemn intoxication that comes of intricate ritual faultlessly performed .
`` Ringing does become a bit of an obsession , '' admits Stephanie Pattenden , master of the band at St. Mary Abbot and one of England 's best female ringers .
It is a passion that usually stays in the tower , however .
`` So crunch , crunch , crunch , bang , bang , bang -- here come the ringers from above , making a very obvious exit while the congregation is at prayer , '' he says .
`` I live in hopes that the ringers themselves will be drawn into that fuller life .
In the torrent of replies that followed , one woman ringer from Solihull observed that `` the average male ringer leaves quite a lot to be desired : badly dressed , decorated with acne and a large beer-belly , frequently unwashed and unbearably flatulent in peals .
That can be a trap for unwary investors , says Richard Bernstein , senior quantitative analyst at Merrill Lynch & Co .
That pattern has n't always held , but recent strong growth in dividends makes some market watchers anxious .
There 's never been an exception , '' says Gerald W. Perritt , a Chicago investment adviser and money manager , based on a review of six decades of stock-market data .
So , while stock prices may look fairly high relative to dividends , they are not excessive relative to the underlying corporate strength .
One indicator investors might want to watch is the monthly tally from Standard & Poor 's of the number of public companies adjusting their dividends .
This is where Bell 's patents went .
The company 's work force will fall to about 400 people .
Further , he said , the company does n't have the capital needed to build the business over the next year or two .
`` We flat ran out of financing resources , '' Mr. Jerritts said .
Mr. Nixon , the most prominent American to come to China since Beijing 's bloody suppression of pro-democracy demonstrators in June , harped on international outrage over the massacre .
Instead , Mr. Nixon reminded his host , Chinese President Yang Shangkun , that Americans have n't forgiven China 's leaders for the military assault of June 3-4 that killed hundreds , and perhaps thousands , of demonstrators .
Despite the harsh exchanges , the U.S. and China still seem to be looking for a way to mend relations , which have deteriorated into what Mr. Nixon referred to as `` the greatest crisis in Chinese-American relations '' since his initial visit to China 17 years ago .
Unfortunately , Japanese manufacturers have neither good working conditions nor good compensation packages .
Among professionals , 76 % have a favorable opinion of her , compared to 62 % who approve of her husband 's performance .
Preston G. Foster
J.L. Henry has n't any Miami telephone listing , an operator said .
Mr. Rosenblum , who apparently has an unpublished phone number , also could n't be reached .
Mr. Canepa confirmed he had consented to the sanctions but declined to comment further .
Japan is `` very concerned '' about the possible effects of program trading , a senior Japanese official said after the Oct. 13 stock plunge in New York .
About 11.6 % of all program trading by New York Stock Exchange firms in September took place in foreign markets , according to Big Board data .
But regulators are wary .
`` Maybe it was n't enough , '' a Finance Ministry official noted after the Dec. 7 surge .
In addition to the extra privacy of these trades , the transactions can often be less expensive to execute , because the parties do n't have to pay a floor brokerage fee or a specialist 's fee .
Adopting a training-wage policy means `` getting beyond the nickel and diming of the minimum wage , '' Mrs. Roukema said .
Labor unions and Democrats long fought the idea , but recently acceded to it in the face of Bush administration insistence .
The question now : Can he act more like hard-charging Teddy Roosevelt ?
`` We are prepared to pursue aggressively completion of this transaction , '' he says .
They call it `` photographic '' .
The formula has paid off , so far .
`` The record of companies that have diversified is n't all that impressive , '' he says .
A House-Senate conference approved major portions of a package for more than $ 500 million in economic aid for Poland that relies heavily on $ 240 million in credit and loan guarantees in fiscal 1990 in hopes of stimulating future trade and investment .
In a second area of common concern , the world environment , an additional $ 15 million will be provided in development assistance to fund a series of initiatives , related both to global warming and the plight of the African elephant .
To Safety on Bridges
PORTING POTABLES just got easier , or so claims Scypher Corp. , the maker of the Cup-Tote .
The new carrier can tote as many as four cups at once .
He also claims the carrier costs less and takes up less space than most paper carriers .
A driver has to find something to hang the carrier on , so the company supplies a window hook .
Seed for Jail Solution
Fails to Take Root
The Labor Department cited USX Corp. for numerous health and safety violations at two Pennsylvania plants , and proposed $ 7.3 million in fines , the largest penalty ever proposed for alleged workplace violations by an employer .
Labor Secretary Elizabeth Dole said , `` The magnitude of these penalties and citations is matched only by the magnitude of the hazards to workers which resulted from corporate indifference to worker safety and health , and severe cutbacks in the maintenance and repair programs needed to remove those hazards .
In quoting from our research you emphasized the high prevalance of mental illness and alcoholism .
School of Medicine
According to Dr. Wright , homelessness is `` simultaneously a housing problem , an employment problem , a demographic problem , a problem of social disaffiliation , a mental health problem , a family violence problem , a problem created by the cutbacks in social welfare spending , a problem resulting from the decay of the traditional nuclear family , and a problem intimately connected to the recent increase in the number of persons living below the poverty level .
Maxwell R.D. Vos
There is no sign that you bothered to consider the inverse of your logic : namely , that mental illness and substance abuse might be to some degree consequences rather than causes of homelessness .
Ruth K. Nelson
Cullowhee , N.C .
He declined to discuss other terms of the issue .
The broader question is where the Senate stands on the issue .
'' But Rep. Hammerschmidt said that the provision , which he dubbed a `` special interest '' amendment , was likely to make the bill even more controversial .
But a 1948 law barred the `` dissemination '' of that material in the U.S .
For a funny thing happened on the way to the ruling : The United States Information Agency , which runs the Voice , changed its position on three key points .
But the court disagreed .
At the time , he was director of the
This democracy is suddenly a little more democratic .
Campbell 's international businesses , particularly in the U.K. and Italy , appear to be at the heart of its problems .
For example , Campbell is a distant third in the U.K. frozen foods market , where it recently paid 24 times earnings for Freshbake Foods PLC and wound up with far more capacity than it could use .
The plan calls for closing at least nine plants and eliminating about 3,600 jobs .
Mr. Baum said the two have orders to `` focus on bottom-line profits '' and to `` take a hard look at our businesses -- what is good , what is not so good .
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
`` Bob has handled the extraordinary growth of the company quite brilliantly , '' said Mr. Newhouse .
Congress learned during the Reagan administration that it could intimidate the executive branch by uttering again and again the same seven words : `` Provided , that no funds shall be spent ... .
It is not supported by the text or history of the Constitution .
Article II places on the president the duty to nominate , `` and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate '' appoint , ambassadors , judges , and other officers of the U.S .
Yet Section 605 of the appropriations bill for the executive office provides : `` No part of any appropriation for the current fiscal year contained in this or any other Act shall be paid to any person for the filling of any position for which he or she has been nominated after the Senate has voted not to approve the nomination of said person .
What becomes custom in the Bush administration will only become more difficult for future presidents , including Democrats , to undo .
There is no downside if the president asserts a right of excision over unconstitutional conditions in the fiscal 1990 appropriations bills .
If Congress does nothing , President Bush will have won .
The previous record was $ 57.7 billion in 1987 , according to the Agriculture Department .
Net cash income -- the amount left in farmers ' pockets after deducting expenses from gross cash income -- increased in 33 states in 1988 , as the drought cut into crop yields and drove up commodity prices , the department 's Economic Research Service reported yesterday .
Despite federal disaster relief , the drought of 1988 was a severe financial setback for an estimated 10,000 to 15,000 farmers , according to the department .
The Herald joins the Baltimore News-American , which folded , and the Boston Herald-American , which was sold , as cornerstones of the old Hearst newspaper empire abandoned by the company in the 1980s .
Many felt Hearst kept the paper alive as long as it did , if marginally , because of its place in family history .
He and his successor , Mary Anne Dolan , restored respect for the editorial product , and though in recent years the paper had been limping along on limited resources , its accomplishments were notable .
`` Forget it , '' he said as he handed her a paper .
Or so the slogan might go .
'' To that end , American Express has been signing up gasoline companies , car repair shops , tire companies and car dealers to accept the card .
But GMAC approved the Buick program , he says , because the American Express green card requires payment in full upon billing , and so does n't carry any finance rates .
Thus , an institution obligated to make fixed-rate interest payments on debt swaps the payments with another making floating-rate payments .
Banks could seek to recover payments to local authorities in instances where the banks made net payments to councils .
In the aftermath of the stock market 's gut-wrenching 190-point drop on Oct. 13 , Kidder , Peabody & Co. 's 1,400 stockbrokers across the country began a telephone and letter-writing campaign aimed at quashing the country 's second-largest program trader .
But the heated fight over program trading is about much more than a volatile stock market .
Program trading itself , according to many academics who have studied it , is merely caught in the middle of this battle , unfairly labeled as the evil driving force of the marketplace .
`` Just a blind fear of the unknown is causing them to beg the regulators for protection .
Traditional stock managers like to charge 50 cents to 75 cents for every $ 100 they manage for big institutional investors , and higher fees for smaller investors .
The son of a specialist and once one himself , Mr. Phelan has nonetheless been striving -- with products like the new stock basket that his former colleagues dislike so much -- to keep index funds and other program traders from taking their business to overseas markets .
Now , on a good day , Chicago 's stock-index traders trade more dollars worth of stock futures than the Big Board trades in stock .
You will not panic , you will not put the financial system in jeopardy .
Futures traders respond that low margins help keep their markets active .
Higher margins would chase away dozens of smaller traders who help larger traders buy and sell , they say .
Another proposed reform is to have program traders answer to an `` uptick rule '' a reform instituted after the Great Crash of 1929 that protects against stocks being relentlessly beaten downward by those seeking to profit from lower prices , namely short sellers .
James A. White contributed to this article .
In index arbitrage , the widget is the S&P 500 , and its price is constantly compared between the futures market in Chicago and the stock markets largely in New York .
If the money manager performing this service is being paid by his clients to match or beat the return of the S&P 500 index , he is likely to remain fully invested at all times .
Volatility surrounding his trades occurs not because of index arbitrage , but because his is a large addition or subtraction to a widget market with finite liquidity .
'' The ultimate goal of any investor is a profit motive , and regulators should not concern themselves with whether investors are sufficiently focused on the long term .
Some Democrats in Congress are warning that a complicated new funding device for the two federal antitrust agencies could result in further cutbacks in a regulatory area already reduced sharply in recent years .
To offset the reduction , Congress approved a $ 20,000 fee that investors and companies will have to pay each time they make required filings to antitrust regulators about mergers , acquisitions and certain other transactions .
`` It could operate to augment our budget , '' James Rill , the Justice Department 's antitrust chief , said in an interview .
'' Mr. McGuigan cites three completed efforts in Oklahoma .
Corporations and museums are among the serious buyers , giving greater market stability , says Robert Persky of the Photograph Collector .
Currently a $ 300 million-a-year business , 900 telephone service is expected to hit $ 500 million next year and near $ 2 billion by 1992 as uses for the service continue to expand , says Joel Gross of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Inc .
Colleges , she says , are eyeing registration through 900 service .
The $ 6,500 tree is designed to send continuously changing colored light to dozens of fiber-end bunches .
In Syracuse , N.Y. , DyDee Service 's new marketing push stresses environmental awareness .
Mr. Egnuss 's dislike of program trading is echoed by many small investors interviewed by Wall Street Journal reporters across the country .
He notes that program traders have a commission cost advantage because of the quantity of their trades , that they have a smaller margin requirement than individual investors do and that they often can figure out earlier where the market is heading .
Or , as Dorothy Arighi , an interior decorator in Arnold , Calif. , puts it : `` All kinds of funny things spook the market these days .
What else can a small investor do ?
Scott Taccetta , a Chicago accountant , is going into money-market funds .
Young 's Market Co. , a wholesaler of spirits , wines and other goods , said it will merge with a new corporation formed by the Underwood family , which controls Young 's .
Their report appears in today 's issue of the journal Nature .
But `` it wo n't lead to imminent use '' of new superconductors , cautioned Robert B. van Dover , one of the AT&T researchers .
The 30-year non-callable issue was priced at a spread of 57 basis points above the Treasury 's 8 1|8 % bellwether long bond .
Serial bonds are priced at par to yield from 6.40 % in 1991 to 7.15 % in 1999 .
Fourth series serial bonds are priced at par to yield from 6.25 % in 1992 to 7 % in 1999 .
The 7 5|8 % bonds due 2009 are priced to yield 7.65 % , and 7 5|8 % bonds due 2029 are priced at 98 1|2 to yield 7.74 % .
The underwriters expect a double-A rating from Moody 's .
Put option March 31 , 1992 , at a fixed 107 7|8 to yield 3.43 % .
Fees 1 5|8 .
Its backers fielded every important interest on their team -- a popular mayor , the Chamber of Commerce , the major media -- and spent $ 100,000 on promotion .
But Moody 's warned that Shearson 's commercial paper rating could be lowered soon , a move that would reduce Shearson 's profit margins on its borrowings and signal trouble ahead for other firms .
`` Just as the 1980s bull market transformed the U.S. securities business , so too will the more difficult environment of the 1990s , '' says Christopher T. Mahoney , a Moody 's vice president .
`` Total merchant banking exposures are in excess of the firm 's equity .
`` And as a leading investment and merchant banking firm , the fact that we are no longer subject to the uncertainties and vicissitudes of the retail business is a major plus in our view .
Most recently , Mr. Veraldi , 59 years old , has been vice president of product and manufacturing engineering at Ford Motor Co .
It was later applied to other new-car programs , including those that produced the Ford Thunderbird and Mercury Cougar .
The California Supreme Court last year reversed direction to make it much harder to win DES cases because the justices saw how all the pharmaceutical litigation has chilled the introduction of new drugs .
As liability expert Peter Huber tells us , after the Hymowitz case , if any drug maker introduces an anti-miscarriage drug `` it 's time to sell that company 's stock short .
DES daughters and other victims of drugs would be better off if their cases were taken out of the courts .
They must figure that justice has to get done by somebody , but know it wo n't be done by Congress .
The len 's foldability enables it to be inserted in smaller incisions than are now possible for cataract surgery , the eye care and skin care concern said .
Oshkosh Truck Corp. , Oshkosh , Wis. , estimated earnings for its fourth quarter ended Sept. 30 fell 50 % to 75 % below the year-earlier $ 4.5 million , or 51 cents a share .
Tokyu Group , Mitsubishi Estate and Bridgestone|Firestone , which advanced Tuesday , declined on profit-taking .
London share prices were bolstered largely by continued gains on Wall Street and technical factors affecting demand for London 's blue-chip stocks .
Dealers said the market agreed .
Elsewhere , share prices closed higher in Singapore , Taipei and Wellington , were mixed in Hong Kong , lower in Seoul and little changed in Sydney .
Manila markets were closed for a holiday .
Midwesco Filter Resources Inc. , initial offering of 830,000 common shares , to be offered by the company , via Chicago Corp .
Prime Motor Inns Inc. , offering of up to $ 300 million zero coupon convertible debentures , via Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. and Montgomery Securities .
Western Gas Resources Inc. , initial offering of 3,250,000 shares of common stock , of which 3,040,000 shares will be sold by the company and 210,000 shares by a holder , via Prudential-Bache Capital Funding , Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. , and Hanifen , Imhoff Inc .
Hold the Putty !
The company said local authorities held hearings on the allegations last spring and had returned the plant to `` routine inspection '' in August .
`` The company does not feel that it or any of the individuals violated any criminal statute and the company expects full vindication in court .
In October , more people said that present business conditions were `` good '' than in September .
In 1989 , home purchase plans have ranged monthly from 2.9 % to 3.7 % of respondents .
`` There were so many economic reports but the market did n't care about any of them , '' said Kathleen Camilli , a money market economist at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
In the investment-grade corporate market , `` it 's rare that you get an opportunity to buy a name that has such broad appeal and has such attractive call features , '' said James Ednie , a Drexel industrial bond trader .
Among other things , the survey found that manufacturing activity varied considerably across districts and among industries .
Treasury Securities
The benchmark 30-year bond about 1|4 point , or $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
Total return measures price changes and interest income .
`` Little wonder that buyers for junk have been found wanting , '' he said .
An official for the lead underwriter declined to comment on the reason for the delay , but market participants speculated that a number of factors , including a lack of investor interest , were responsible .
A $ 107.03 million offering of Santa Ana Community Redevelopment Agency , Calif. , tax allocation bonds got off to a slow start and may be repriced at lower levels today , according to an official with lead underwriter Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp .
Foreign Bond
Rumors to the contrary have been that it would be a six billion mark issue , or that the last Bund , a 7 % issue due October 1999 , would be increased by two billion marks .
In the first nine months , net was $ 306 million , compared with a loss of $ 195 million in the 1988 period .
The British Department of Trade and Industry ordered an investigation of the competitive impact of Michelin Tyre PLC 's planned acquisition of National Tyre Service Ltd .
Rep. John Dingell , an important sponsor of President Bush 's clean-air bill , plans to unveil a surprise proposal that would break with the White House on a centerpiece issue : acid rain .
Mr. Dingell 's staff was expected to present its acid-rain alternative to other committee members , apparently in an attempt to appease Midwestern lawmakers from high-polluting states who insist on cost-sharing .
Mr. Russell , who co-founded the Kansas City , Mo.-based local business publications concern here , said he would have a five-year consulting agreement with the company , which recently underwent an ownership change .
A nickname for measures to stop the market from plunging too far too fast .
Quant -- Generally , any Wall Street analyst who employs quantitive research techniques .
Stock-index arbitrage -- Buying or selling baskets of stocks while at the same time executing offsetting trades in stock-index futures or options .
New York financier Saul Steinberg sought federal permission to buy more than 15 % of United Airlines ' parent , UAL Corp. , saying he might seek control of the nation 's second-largest airline .
Such an application for federal antitrust clearance is necessary for any investor that might seek control .
Market sources said Reliance has already sold its entire UAL stake , and thus would n't have any reason to file the application simply to boost the value of its stock .
Reliance confirmed the filing but would n't elaborate .
The aerospace , automotive supply , electronics and printing-press concern also indicated that the first half of fiscal 1990 could be rough .
For the year , electronics emerged as Rockwell 's largest sector in terms of sales and earnings , muscling out aerospace for the first time .
The Austin , Texas-based company , which specializes in the direct sale of personal computers and accessories , said its price cuts include a $ 100 reduction on its System 210 computer with 512 kilobytes of memory , a 40-megabyte hard disk and a color monitor .
World sugar futures prices soared on rumors that Brazil , a major grower and exporter , might not ship sugar this crop year and next .
The July delivery rose its daily permissible limit of 0.50 cent a pound to 14.00 cents , while other contract months showed near-limit advances .
`` It 's the type of nervous atmosphere in which a report can be put out , such as the one saying exports will be suspended , and no one can confirm it .
Mexico , which is normally a sugar exporter , has had production problems in the past two years , analysts said .
Trading was muted in part because of the observance of All Saints ' Day across much of Europe .
COPPER : Futures prices rose , extending Tuesday 's gains .
According to news service reports , most workers at the Disputado mines owned by Exxon Corp. agreed to a new two-year wage contract that includes a 5 % increase and other benefits .
In a telephone interview , Mr. Reupke said his departure was for `` personal reasons , '' which he declined to specify .
A spokesman for the Stamford , Conn.based company said operations had a loss of $ 5.5 million for the quarter ; in addition , the loss was magnified by nonrecurring charges totaling $ 23.5 million and $ 8.2 million in asset-valuation adjustments that he described as `` unusual .
Prudential-Bache Securities boosted the stock 's short-term investment rating in response to the departure ; analyst John McMillin said he believes the company will turn to new management `` that 's more financially oriented .
AMR climbed 1 3|4 to 73 1|8 amid rumors that New York developer Donald Trump was seeking financing to mount a new , lower offer for the parent company of American Airlines .
Mr. Trump withdrew a $ 120-a-share bid last month .
Nissan Motor Co. , Japan 's second-largest car maker , announced Wednesday that the parent concern 's pretax earnings in the first half ended last Sept. 30 rose 14 % to 88.32 billion yen ( $ 618.1 million ) from 77.6 billion yen a year earlier .
Sales totaled 1.916 trillion yen , climbing 17 % from 1.637 trillion yen in the year-earlier period .
Heritage Media Corp. , New York , said it offered to buy the shares of POP Radio Corp. it does n't already own in a stock swap .
But the automotive parts and aerospace concern expects that net for the year ending Nov. 30 will exceed last fiscal year 's net of $ 70 million , or $ 2.19 a share , primarily because of $ 200 million in gains from sales of discontinued operations .
Sales rose to $ 9.8 million from $ 8.9 million .
The sale represents 10.2 % of Meridian 's shares outstanding .
Ratners Group PLC , a fast-growing , acquisition-minded London-based jeweler , raised its price for Seattle-based specialty jeweler Weisfield 's Inc. to $ 57.50 a share , or $ 62.1 million , from $ 50 a share , or $ 55 million , after another concern said it would be prepared to outbid Ratners 's initial offer .
The sweetened offer has acceptances from more than 50 % of Weisfield 's shareholders , and it is scheduled for completion by Dec. 10 .
The bulk of the pretax charge is a $ 62 million write-off of capitalized servicing at the mobile home financing subsidiary , which the company said had been a big drain on earnings .
Valley Federal is currently being examined by regulators .
'' While he reaffirmed support for the country 's Feb. 25 elections , Ortega indicated that renewed U.S. military aid to the Contras could thwart the balloting .
Gunmen in Lebanon assassinated a Saudi Arabian Embassy employee , and the pro-Iranian Islamic Jihad took responsibility for the slaying to avenge the beheading of 16 terrorists by Riyadh 's government in September .
Pakistan 's Bhutto defeated the first no-confidence motion in the nation 's 42-year history , surviving the vote that could have brought down her 11-month-old government .
Still unresolved is Sony 's effort to hire producers Jon Peters and Peter Guber to run the studio .
For the period ended Sept.30 , it earned 16.68 billion yen , ( US$ 116.7 million ) up from 12.68 billion yen the year before .
Per-share net rose to 7.84 yen from 6.53 yen .
Also , Big Board Chairman Phelan said he would support SEC halts of program trading during market crises but not any revival of a `` collar '' on trading .
Light trucks and vans will face the same safety requirements as automobiles under new proposals by the Transportation Department .
The Treasury plans to sell $ 30 billion in notes and bonds next week but will delay the auction unless Congress quickly raises the debt ceiling .
Markets --
Columbia wo n't comment on all the speculation .
But if Columbia could keep its junk bonds separate from the thrift till they mature -- at full value , unless the issuer goes bust or restructures -- the junk portfolio might do all right .
Some think Columbia 's thrift , which now is seeking a new chief operating officer , might be capitalized at , say $ 300 million , and shopped to a commercial bank that wants a California presence .
But `` the concept is workable .
( NYSE ; Symbol : CSV )
The patent for Interleukin-3 covers materials and methods used to make the human blood cell growth factor via recombinant DNA technology .
The patent covers BMP-1 type proteins and pharmaceutical compositions and methods for treating bone or cartilage defects , Genetics Institute said .
The company added that it has filed patent applications `` on a large number of different BMP proteins '' and the patent on BMP-1 is the first it has received .
Upjohn officials said they could n't estimate the size of the charge until they determine which employees , and how many , will participate in the retirement plan .
Although started in 1965 , Wedtech did n't really get rolling until 1975 , when Mr. Neuberger discovered the federal government 's Section 8 ( A ) minority business program .
The two partners merely had to falsify the true ownership of the corporation .
The company plugged itself right into Carter campaign rhetoric about rebuilding the South Bronx and kept using the minority -- South Bronx angle through the Reagan '80s .
When necessary , it sought and received assistance from organized crime .
Once its ownership is finalized , the new company will open talks with state-appointed receivers to buy or lease Waertsilae Marine 's shipyard facilities .
Subcontractors will be offered a settlement and a swift transition to new management is expected to avert an exodus of skilled workers from Waertsilae Marine 's two big shipyards , government officials said .
Waertsilae Marine 's biggest creditor is Miami-based Carnival Cruise Lines Inc .
Mr. Nichol said he was `` extremely disappointed in the continuing deterioration of the company 's operations while it attempted to conclude the reorganization during the past four months .
The Continental Baking business benefited from higher margins on bread and on increased cake sales , it added .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .
Many grain processors and exporters use the price of the corn futures contracts traded there to calculate the price they offer to buy corn from farmers .
In parts of Iowa , for example , some grain elevators are offering farmers $ 2.15 a bushel for corn .
Many farmers probably would n't sell until prices rose at least 20 cents a bushel , said Lyle Reed , president of Chicago Central & Pacific Railroad Co. of Waterloo , Iowa .
Some analysts are worried that reports of the grain industry 's problems might spark investors to begin buying corn futures contracts -- only to see little appreciation .
And it is n't clear that the Soviet Union will stay on its record buying pace .
Silver and platinum , which have more of an industrial nature than gold , were even weaker , he said .
USX Corp. posted a 23 % drop in third-quarter profit , as improved oil results failed to offset weakness in steel and natural gas operations .
Sales rose 5 % to $ 4.4 billion from $ 4.2 billion .
Among segments that continue to operate , though , the company 's steel division continued to suffer from soft demand for its tubular goods serving the oil industry and other markets .
Two leading constitutional-law experts said President Bush does n't have the legal authority to exercise a line-item veto .
Trinity said it plans to begin delivery in the first quarter of next year .
( See : `` Revitalized Classics Take the Stage in Windy City '' -- WSJ Oct. 19 , 1989 )
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
A SEC proposal to ease reporting requirements for some company executives would undermine the usefulness of information on insider trades as a stock-picking tool , individual investors and professional money managers contend .
Many investors wrote asking the SEC to require insiders to report their purchases and sales immediately , not a month later .
The company said the plan , under review for some time , will protect shareholders against `` abusive takeover tactics .
The oboist Heinz Holliger has taken a hard line about the problem : He commissions and splendidly interprets fearsome contemporary scores and does some conducting , so he does n't have to play the same Mozart and Strauss concertos over and over again .
'' Glamorous and pure-voiced as ever , Ms. Collins sang Joni Mitchell 's `` For Free '' -- about an encounter with a street-corner clarinetist , to which Mr. Stoltzman contributed a clarinet obligatto -- and Mr. Douglas 's lush setting of a Gaelic blessing , `` Deep Peace .
Ms. Waleson is a free-lance writer based in New York .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They sow a row of male-fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male-sterile plants .
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice .
The laws of heredity dictate that half of the plants springing from these greenhouse-produced seeds will be male sterile and herbicide resistant and half will be male fertile and herbicide susceptible .
`` It 's one thing to say you can sterilize , and another to then successfully pollinate the plant , '' he said .
New Zealand 's finance minister , David Caygill , lashed out at such suggestions .
`` It may very well be what the Japanese banks want , '' he told Radio New Zealand .
Nomura started a credit-card venture with American Express Co. that allowed cardholders to use their Nomura securities accounts like a bank account , attracting the wrath of banks .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
The league is the brainchild of Colorado real estate developer James Morley -- once a minor-leaguer himself -- who says he had the idea last January while lying on a beach in Australia .
When he sent letters offering 1,250 retired major leaguers the chance of another season , 730 responded .
Most are trim .
So he adjusts .
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits .
`` I 'm not so young anymore , '' concedes the cigar-chomping , 48-year-old Mr. Tiant .
Stuffing a wad of Red Man into his cheek , he admits the fastball he brought into the majors in 1955 has become a slowball .
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.75 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6|2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages .
Source : Telerate Systems Inc .
Columbia Pictures is being acquired by Sony Corp. , which is based in Japan .
Both General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. have been trying to amass 15 % stakes in Jaguar .
GM has been negotiating a friendly transaction with Jaguar that likely would involve joint ventures and an eventual stake of just under 30 % .
Such a proposal values Jaguar at more than # 1.6 billion ( $ 2.53 billion ) .
'' Such a countermove could end Jaguar 's hopes for remaining independent and British-owned .
Because of their longstanding rivalry , GM just `` wants to make sure Ford pays a huge packet for ( Jaguar ) , '' said John Lawson , an auto analyst at London 's Nomura Research Institute .
Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened , analysts add , because fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management .
Under the circumstances , Dataproducts said , Mr. Tomash said he was unable to devote the time required because of other commitments .
Dr. Marston , 66 years old , succeeds Alexander T. Daignault , 72 , who did n't stand for re-election due to mandatory board retirement policy .
The 45-year-old Mr. Kuehn , who has a background in crisis management , succeeds Alan D. Rubendall , 45 .
Statistics from 12 countries which normally account for 94 % of non-communist Europe 's passenger car sales showed new car registrations totaled 911,606 in September , down 21 % from August and down 4.2 % for the year to date .
Small-lot buying targeted at incentive-backed issues pushed up the Nikkei .
No one wants stock on their books .
At the close , the narrower 30-share index was up 19.7 points to 1721.4 .
A breakdown showed that food prices were the most active part of growth with a rise of 0.6 % .
Metromedia Co. said its Metromedia Long Distance unit has been renamed Metromedia-ITT Long Distance , reflecting acquisitions from ITT Corp. , which licenses its name to closely held Metromedia .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three-month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
However , CDs sold through major broker-dealer networks were up slightly almost across the board .
As in : `` You went ballooning ? ? ! !
Feeling the naggings of a culture imperative , I promptly signed up .
( I still say do n't look down .
) In between came lots of coffee drinking while watching the balloons inflate and lots of standing around deciding who would fly in what balloon and in what order ( the baskets hold no more than four passengers ) .
It 's hard not to feel that God 's in his heaven with this kind of bird's-eye view of the world , even if your pilote in silly plaid beret kept pointing out how `` belle '' it all was .
On other matters , Mr. Mulford said West Germany is contributing to imbalances in the world economy because of its success as an exporter .
Germany 's trade surplus is largely with other European countries rather than with the U.S. , Mr. Mulford acknowledged .
In the past year , one inside director resigned , while three others retired .
For one thing , Pentagon officials , who asked not to be identified , worry that the U.S. will have a much tougher time persuading Europeans to keep some short-range nuclear weapons on their soil once Soviet armored forces are thinned out .
And some U.S. Army analysts worry that the proposed Soviet redefinition is aimed at blocking the U.S. from developing lighter , more transportable , high-technology tanks .
Accounting problems raise more knotty issues .
`` It 's just going to be sloppy , both on our side and theirs { the Warsaw Pact 's } , '' says one NATO analyst .
Coca-Cola Co. , aiming to boost soft-drink volume in Singapore , said it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd. , its bottling franchisee in that country .
Giovanni Agnelli & Co. announced a transaction that will strengthen its indirect control of Fiat S.p .
The AFL-CIO , which previously opposed the administration 's subminimum idea , said the compromise has `` adequate safeguards , so the youth are not exploited and older workers are not displaced .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Houston Lighting is a unit of Houston Industries Inc. , a utility holding company in Houston .
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer .
This measure had dropped sharply in August .
The Commerce Department said that as a result of a new adjustment to the formula used to calculate the index , the influence of this component has been reduced .
The other 40 % said the Fed ought to worry less about inflation and bring interest rates down .
All the figures are adjusted to remove usual seasonal patterns .
Boston Edison Co. said it will take a previously reported $ 60 million charge against earnings in the fourth quarter .
'' Pilgrim had been closed for 32 months .
The average interest rate rose to 8.3875 % at Citicorp 's $ 50 million weekly auction of 91-day commercial paper , or corporate IOUs , from 8.337 % at last week 's sale .
Citicorp also said that the average rate rose to 8.0087 % at its $ 50 million auction of 182-day commercial paper from 7.962 % at last week 's sale .
He probably did n't penetrate any top-secret files , but the KGB in East Berlin was willing to pay two of his associates , Peter Carl and Dirk Brezinski , $ 15,000 for some of the material Hess collected .
He discovered a 75-cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named `` Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
He savored the humor of his uncombed appearance among these buttoned-up chaps .
He had developed a hatred for the hacker and a grudging appreciation of the federal `` spooks '' who make national security their business .
`` This clearly demonstrates that Mips is a systems company rather than just a chip company , '' said Mips Vice President John Hime .
RISC technology speeds up a computer by simplifying the internal software .
Nixdorf , Bull and others will also sell versions of the machine , said Mips President Robert Miller .
Another fight is brewing between Congress and the Bush administration over how to pay for the savings-and-loan bailout without adding to the federal budget deficit .
In a hearing before the House Ways and Means Committee , the General Accounting Office and the Congressional Budget Office , which both are arms of Congress , advised the new S&L bailout agency to abandon plans to raise temporary working capital through debt issued from an agency that would n't be counted on the federal budget .
`` If working capital financing is not provided , '' he said , `` the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Still , the restaurant 's ever-changing menu of five-course dinners -- it supposedly has n't repeated a meal since opening in 1971 -- requires constant improvisation .
Scott Wakeman was named president and chief operating officer of U.S. operations , titles that had been held by Mr. Weekes .
A company spokesman did n't know Mr. Wakeman 's age .
Under the agreement , Healthcare , a manager of health-care facilities , said it would pay HealthVest $ 3.9 million in overdue rent and mortgage payments and repay $ 1.1 million in funds that HealthVest advanced for construction work on facilities .
Actually , about two years ago , the Journal listed the creation of the money fund as one of the 10 most significant events in the world of finance in the 20th century .
The Reserve Fund
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
The allegations , ranging from theft and bribery to coercion and lewdness , paint a disquieting picture .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear .
The judge , suspended from his bench pending his trial , which began this week , vehemently denies all the allegations against him , calling them `` ludicrous '' and `` imaginative , political demagoguery .
As a result , says Mr. Geiger , lawyers think twice before appealing a judge 's ruling , are reluctant to mount , or even support , challenges against him for re-election and are usually loath to file complaints that might impugn a judge 's integrity .
'' Clearly , the judge has had his share of accomplishments .
`` Nobody had the guts to complain .
Like most of Cambria County 's lawyers and residents who had dealings with the judge , Mr. Green declined to be interviewed for this article .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
The judge wrote again .
`` My God and I know I am correct and innocent .
Economy : A House Built on Junk-Bond Sand , '' Viewpoint , Oct. 19 ) .
The use of the abominable construction practices in the Soviet Union -- as evidenced by the collapse of sand apartment blocks during the Armenian earthquake -- as a metaphor for the U.S. economic system was a sublime example of Mr. Cockburn 's satirical muse .
However , the maximum coupon at which the notes can be reset is 16 1|4 % .
Complete details were n't immediately available .
Keio Teito Electric Railway Co .
Chugoku Electric Power Co .
Monte dei Paschi di Siena , Singapore branch ( Italian parent ) , via the Law Debenture Trust Corp. -- 10 billion yen ( $ 70 million ) of 6 % bonds due Feb. 24 , 1993 , priced at 101 1|4 , via Daiwa Europe Ltd .
Okobank ( Finland ) -- 10 billion yen of 6 % bonds due Nov. 30 , 1992 , priced at 101.225 to yield 6.056 % via IBJ International .
'' He said it especially will strengthen the company 's efforts in the rapidly growing field of bio-analytical instrumentation , and in applied nuclear physics .
The combined companies will become profitable by January 1990 , said James P. Sherblom , Transgenic 's chairman and chief executive officer .
But they have been at odds over how much Mr. Hunt would owe the government after his assets are sold .
The IRS had demanded $ 90 million but Mr. Hunt would agree to no more than $ 60 million .
But there is a risk , which the Japanese discovered when they first dipped their toes into the market nearly five years ago .
That 's a headache for long-term investors , since it forces them to reinvest their money -- usually at lower rates than the original mortgage securities carried .
`` So they were surprised and very disappointed by prepayment .
Although the five-year strategy may be excellent , what will be the strategy in 25 years ?
The limit could range from three years to seven years , depending on the composition of the management team and the nature of its strategic plan .
Another interesting example is the poison pill adopted recently by Pittsburgh-based National Intergroup Inc. , a diversified holding company .
The State of Wisconsin Investment Board , which owned about 7 % of the company 's voting stock , worked with management to devise a time-limited poison pill .
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
Mr. Blair and Hees have been feuding for months .
But in another sense , the $ 846 million purchase is uncharacteristically nervy , industry analysts say .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
`` On balance , we think it will be positive .
In particular , they criticize the timing , coming as it does on the heels of Sony Corp. 's controversial purchase of Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
During the past year , government officials and leading business organizations have repeatedly urged Japanese companies to refrain from flashy real estate purchases in the
But to Mitsubishi Estate , the acquisition has just the elements that should win support from both sides .
`` We 'll continue to work with them , in keeping with the reputation of the company , and we 'll rely very much on their leadership , '' says Mitsubishi Estate President Jotaro Takagi .
It 's known for its cautiousness in part because it has had little need for bold overseas ventures : In the year ended March 31 , 57.4 % of its total revenue came from office building management .
Its earnings can rise 10 % to 12 % annually simply from the natural turnover of tenants and automatic rent increases , says Graeme McDonald , an industry analyst at James Capel Pacific Ltd .
Both Warner and Sony declined to comment on the terms of the settlement discussions .
In addition , Sony is expected to agree to swap Columbia 's 35 % stake in the sprawling Burbank , Calif. , studio that Warner and Columbia share , in exchange for the old MGM studio lot that Warner acquired with the purchase of Lorimar Telepictures Corp .
Mr. Ross , who will be chairman and co-chief executive officer of Time Warner after the merger is complete , denied that in his own affidavit , and called Mr. Yetnikoff 's remarks `` vicious '' and his claims `` reckless , irresponsible and baseless , '' saying Warner under his leadership has started a number of businesses in Japan .
Nicholas , who will eventually be co-chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber-Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
Talks between the two sides could unravel , of course , as they have more than once since Sony announced its plans to hire Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters .
But both sides appear to be more willing now to meet each other 's terms to resolve the issue .
` Frequent Drinker ' Offer
Borden sells considerably more whole milk than reduced-fat milks in southern and Hispanic markets , he says .
Goya is selling Leche Fresca in nearly 500 grocery stores and bodegas in New York and parts of New Jersey .
Last year , the total women 's fashion jewelry business topped $ 4.9 billion , says Karen Alberg , editor of Accessories magazine .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full-time American members and 25,000 `` associates .
The relatively small academic conferences that have attracted conservative guests -- and press scrutiny -- in recent years are much more narrowly targeted and austere than the thousand-person get-togethers in fancy digs and exotic locales of years past .
Panda Motors is one such investment .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
An 11-week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Israel has been accused in the past of using subterfuge to seek elements needed to develop nuclear weapons .
The two are also signing a trade agreement .
The Venezuelan central bank set a 30 % floor on the bidding .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting .
Britain 's House of Commons passed a law that will force English soccer fans to carry identity cards to enter stadiums .
As a result , Judge John F. Keenan of New York ordered Mrs. Marcos to turn over to the court all pleadings and documents she may have filed in foreign countries in opposition to U.S. requests for evidence .
The first one permits a witness to refuse to testify against her spouse .
The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters .
For years , a strict regimen governed the staff meetings at Nissan Motor Co. 's technical center in Tokyo 's western suburbs .
And in a Japanese corporate first , Nissan recently opened the first coed company dormitory for single employees at the suburban Tokyo technical center .
Nissan , Japan 's second-largest auto maker and the world 's fourth-largest , was getting beat up not only by its bigger rival , Toyota Motor Corp. , but also by Honda Motor Co. , the most successful Japanese car company in the U.S. but a relative pipsqueak in Japan .
At that time , tasks were assigned strictly on the basis of seniority .
One group of middle-aged manufacturing men from the company 's Zama plant outside Tokyo was supposed to check out a trendy restaurant in the city .
Later , Nissan borrowed other Honda practices , including an engineering `` idea contest '' to promote inventiveness .
Despite the pain of adjusting , the cultural revolution has begun to yield exciting cars .
So far , Nissan 's new-model successes are mostly specialized vehicles with limited sales potential .
In compact and subcompact cars , the bread-and-butter sales generators for Japanese auto makers , Nissan still trails Toyota and Honda .
Toyota wants to sell about 49,000 Lexus LS400 sedans next year in the U.S. alone .
Despite plans to add two new Infiniti models next year , bringing the total to four , Infiniti wo n't show profits for at least five years , he adds .
For example , Nissan 's U.S. operations include 10 separate subsidiaries -- for manufacturing , sales , design , research , etc. -- that report separately back to Japan .
`` We are in a transitional phase from being a Japanese company to becoming an international company based in Japan , '' says Mr. Muramatsu , the executive vice president .
As expected , Warner Bros .
Warner is part of Warner Communications Inc. , which is in the process of being acquired by Time Warner Inc .
Rather , senior administration officials said that the unexpected meeting was scheduled at Mr. Bush 's request because of his preference for conducting diplomacy through highly personal and informal meetings with other leaders .
'' Although no specific agreements are expected , Mr. Shevardnadze said `` that does n't mean they will be without an agenda .
Instead , this official said , `` This is vintage George Bush .
That meeting sent shivers through the Western alliance because Mr. Reagan was pulled into discussing the possible elimination of nuclear weapons without consulting American allies .
Peter Gumbel in Moscow contributed to this article .
Soon the whole purpose of the demonstration is lost in mob mania .
The demonstrators have been non-violent , but the result of their trespasses has been to seriously impair the rights of others unconnected with their dispute .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
Aside from as much as $ 3.45 billion in recently approved federal aid , the state is expected to draw from a gubernatorial emergency fund that currently stands at an estimated $ 700 million .
`` I am not aware that there is anything but bipartisan agreement for the general outline '' of the revenue-raising plan , said a spokesman for the governor , after a Monday meeting with legislative leaders over the quake-relief question .
The tax increase -- on top of the current six-cent per dollar sales tax -- would become effective this Dec. 1 and expire Dec. 31 , 1990 .
The sales-tax plan was preferred over an alternative that would have boosted the state gasoline tax .
Sales rose 6.2 % to $ 1.45 billion from $ 1.37 billion .
But they also are to see that taxpayers get all allowable tax benefits and to ask if filers who sought IRS aid were satisfied with it .
Courts have ruled that taxpayers must submit to TCMP audits , but the IRS will excuse from the fullscale rigors anyone who was audited without change for either 1986 or 1987 .
THE MILEAGE RATE allowed for business use of a car in 1989 has risen to 25.5 cents a mile for the first 15,000 from 24 cents in 1988 , the IRS says ; the rate stays 11 cents for each added mile .
The bill would thwart a recent Labor Department opinion that investing individual-retirement-account funds to earn free checking violates the law .
BRIEFS : The IRS already is doing intensive TCMP audits of 19,000 returns for 1987 and fiscal 1988 filed by corporations with under $ 10 million in assets ... .
President Bush says he will name Donald E. Kirkendall to the new Treasury post of inspector general , which has responsibilities for the IRS ... .
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back-pay grievance before the arbitrator .
Few people in the advertising business have raised as many hackles as Alvin A. Achenbaum .
Mr. Achenbaum , too , delves into his clients ' business .
`` The trail of revenue is increasingly going away from pure advertising , and going towards other services , '' Mr. Spielvogel said .
And much better at that than at { the price-cutting } he 's been doing recently .
Cotton Inc .
During the takeover , Mr. Hahn said he would put his account up for review if WPP 's bid were successful , but he did n't .
Mr. Mingo was chief executive officer of the Mingo Group , which he founded in 1977 and which created ads for the black market .
It 's not a zero-sum game .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
The shocks generated nerve impulses that traveled via spine to brain and showed up clearly on a brain-wave monitor , indicating no damage to the delicate spinal tissue .
`` Until now , we 've had no objective way of measuring motor function , '' says Keith Chiappa , a neurologist conducting clinical tests with the devices at Boston 's Massachusetts General Hospital .
For example , paralyzed car-crash victims occasionally have some intact spinal tissues that , if preserved by emergency surgery , enable partial recovery .
At least two companies , Cadwell Laboratories Inc. of Kennewick , Wash. , and Novametrix Medical Systems Inc. of Wallingford , Conn. , now sell versions of the magnetic devices .
The machines , which at $ 12,500 are inexpensive by medical standards , have n't been approved in the U.S. for marketing as brain stimulators but are sold for stimulating nerves in the hand , legs and other non-brain areas .
Probing with the stimulators , National Institutes of Health scientists recently showed how the brain reorganizes motor-control resources after an amputation .
At the State University of New York at Brooklyn , researchers flash two groups of different letters on a computer screen in front of human guinea pigs .
When the jolt is timed just right , the subjects do n't recall seeing the first group of letters .
Joint-research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
Even after-hours drag ; `` karaoke '' bars , where Japanese revelers sing over recorded music , are prohibited by Mexico 's powerful musicians union .
The problem is that Japanese businesses make decisions with a view well beyond the coming months that weigh so heavily on Mr. Salinas .
It is hoped that other Japanese would then follow the leader .
It also made artful use of semantics , redefining as non-strategic industries some that had been in the national domain .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
Alfred Zapfel , chief trader at Bank of Boston in Frankfurt , took an opposite stance .
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
While the incidents involving interest-rate options and forward-rate agreements are unrelated , some observers say they echo a 1987 incident in which Bankers Trust New York Corp. restated the value of its foreign exchange options contracts downward by about $ 80 million .
The Chemical spokeswoman said the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls .
Its valuation methodologies , she said , `` are recognized as some of the best on the Street .
Not a lot was needed to be done .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims .
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective .
American Brands `` just had a different approach , '' Mr. Wathen says .
The company , which has 13.8 million common shares outstanding , said in mid-June that it was considering a restructuring to ward off a hostile takeover attempt by two European shipping concerns .
Michael Carstens , an analyst with Tucker Anthony & R.L. Day , added that the sale of assets would allow Sea Containers to focus on its core container businesses .
No way .
Because a purchaser can use an FHA loan to finance all points and closing costs , the FHA can wind up lending more than a house is worth .
About 60 % of the work force will continue with Gillette or transfer to Twins Pharmaceuticals , the company said .
-- Marvin Alisky .
But there are signs that labor-management cooperation could change the politics of health-care legislation and the economics of medicine .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
Chrysler Corp. estimates that health costs add $ 700 to the price of each of its cars , about $ 300 to $ 500 more per car than foreign competitors pay for health .
Any major attempt to revamp the health-care system is likely to trigger opposition from politically powerful interest groups , particularly the American Medical Association , and perhaps from the public as well , if Congress takes steps that patients fear will limit the availability of care .
`` To slow the rise in total spending , it will be necessary to reduce per-capita use of services , '' the NAM warns in a policy statement .
A company spokesman declined to estimate the impact of the closures on earnings .
The three existing plants and their land will be sold .
He added that he had spoken with Mr. Laidig , whom he referred to as a friend , by telephone Monday evening .
`` I 'm hopeful that we 'll have further discussions , '' Mr. Hahn said .
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk-bond market in disarray , Georgia-Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy-out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing .
And Georgia-Pacific could save money in selling pulp , because the company uses its own sales organization while Nekoosa employs higher-cost agents .
Georgia-Pacific 's advisers are Wasserstein , Perella & Co. , which stands to receive a $ 15 million fee if the takeover succeeds , and the law firm of Shearman & Sterling .
International Paper and Weyerhaeuser declined to comment .
Some analysts argued that there wo n't be a flurry of takeovers because the industry 's continuing capacity-expansion program is eating up available cash .
`` I do n't think anyone is now immune from takeover , '' said Robert Schneider of Duff & Phelps Inc. , Chicago .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody .
The condition , known as paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia , leads to dizziness and fainting .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health-care cost problem .
Despite the big increases in health-care costs , wages still account for a far greater share of overall labor costs .
In the third quarter , wages and salaries in all private industry rose 1.2 % , compared with 1 % increases in both the second quarter and in the third quarter of 1988 .
The Des Plaines , Ill. , chemical coatings concern , which has about 2,000 employees world-wide , said it plans to sell its domestic rigid container packaging and flexible adhesives businesses , and its Chicago Heights , Ill. , resin plant .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
Analysts said the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa broke the pall that settled over the takeover business for the past three weeks in the wake of the collapsed UAL Corp .
A slowing economy and its effect on corporate earnings is the foremost concern of many traders and analysts .
Stock prices rallied in active trading .
Advancing issues on the Big Board surged ahead of decliners 1,111 to
The yield on the issue slipped to 7.91 % .
In late afternoon New York trading , the dollar was at 1.8415 marks and 142.85 yen compared with 1.8340 marks and 141.90 yen late Monday .
Revenue rose 21 % to 22.61 billion francs from 18.69 billion francs .
During the third quarter , the company charged about $ 46 million against earnings in reducing goodwill , added $ 20 million to its general loan loss reserves and established a $ 30 million reserve for its high-yield bond portfolio .
`` If they think well of the company through our support of the Bill of Rights , it follows they 'll think well of our products .
'' Mr. Smith says the Bill of Rights commercial , which trumpets the themes of liberty and freedom of expression , is n't designed to have any special appeal for smokers .
But some anti-smoking activists disagree , expressing anger at what they see as the company 's attempt to purchase innocence by association .
Many marketers say Philip Morris 's approach will be effective , but they agree that the ads ' implied smoking message is unmistakable .
`` This is clever , subliminal advertising that really says , ` Smokers have rights , too , ' '' says Al Ries , chairman of Trout & Ries Inc. , a Greenwich , Conn. , marketing strategy firm .
The Nasdaq Composite Index surged 4.26 , or about 0.94 % , to 455.63 .
The technology group includes many of the OTC market 's biggest stocks , which dominate the market-weighted Nasdaq Composite Index .
The stocks have been pummeled repeatedly by inventory gluts and disappointing earnings as the industry matures and slows .
While the composite index lost less than a third of its year-to-date gains in the market 's recent decline , the technology group 's gains were more than halved .
But the firm also tracks smaller technology companies as a subset of the larger group .
It surged 2 3|4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen-Probe 's stock .
Priam Corp. lost 5|32 to 3|32 after filing for protection from its creditors under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code .
MCI Communications added 1 1|2 to 43 3|8 .
Florida National said yesterday that it remains committed to the merger .
The value of the transaction was n't disclosed .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
On a 394-21 roll call , the House adopted the underlying transportation measure .
The estimated $ 1.8 billion for the space station would be double last year 's level , and total appropriations for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration would grow 16 % to nearly $ 12.4 billion .
A string of costly projects , including the high-speed national aerospace plane and the advanced communications technology satellite , would continue to be developed within these limits .
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd ( D. , W.Va .
House and Senate appropriators sought to establish a Nov. 30 deadline after which their bill would become the last word on how funds are distributed .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
Since the value of its assets was n't known , analysts were free to pick a number .
Throw in its railroad , minerals , pipeline and oil assets , he and others argued , and the Chicago-based conglomerate should be worth 30 a share .
'' That was another reason the Street loved Santa Fe .
So what is Santa Fe worth ?
But as Drexel analyst Linda Dunn notes , its properties will be developed over 15 to 20 years .
Net income : 21 cents a share vs. net loss of $ 4.11 a share
Intelogic was spun off from Datapoint four years ago , shortly after Mr. Edelman took control of Datapoint .
Profit after tax and minority interest but before extraordinary items rose 12 % to # 135.2 million ; per-share earnings rose to five pence from 4.5 pence .
Lincoln 's collapse may cost taxpayers as much as $ 2.5 billion , according to estimates , making it the most expensive thrift failure in history .
`` A couple of things Mr. Newsom said were at least misleading , '' said Kevin O'Connell , one of the Washington regulators responsible for the handling of Lincoln .
And David Riley , a federal examiner who worked under Mr. Scott , said he found his chief oddly upbeat about Lincoln .
They shredded it simply because it contained financial information about their creditors and depositors .
The big questions are whether the increase , effective Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick , and whether other major steelmakers will follow suit .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
J.C. Penney Co. is extending its involvement in a televised home-shopping service by five to 10 years .
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history .
With $ 500 apiece and an injection of outside capital , they formed Genentech Inc .
Genentech 's 1988 sales were $ 335 million , both from licensing and its own products .
Both companies are allies of Navigation Mixte in its fight against a hostile takeover bid launched last week by Cie .
The Credit Lyonnais purchase , for 33,000 regular common shares and 10,000 newly created shares , is valued at about slightly more than 80 million French francs .
Unocal Corp. , Los Angeles , said it and Petroleos de Venezuela S.A. would create a petroleum marketing and refining general partnership in the Midwest .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times-Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 41.60 to 2645.08 even though some late selling caused the market to retreat from session highs .
BankAmerica climbed 1 3|4 to 30 after PaineWebber boosted its investment opinion on the stock to its highest rating .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
ERC Corp. rose 7|8 to 12 .
Imperial Holly fell 1 5|8 to 27 1|8 in the wake of its third-quarter earnings report .
'' The seaborne meetings wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit next spring or summer , at which an arms-control treaty is likely to be completed .
The two leaders are expected to discuss changes sweeping the East bloc as well as human-rights issues , regional disputes and economic cooperation .
Turkey 's legislature elected Prime Minister Ozal as the country 's first civilian president since 1960 , opening the way for a change of government under a new premier he will select .
The vote in Ankara was boycotted by opposition politicians , who vowed to oust Ozal .
He said he is `` very surprised '' by the furor over program trading and the exchange 's role in it that has raged in recent days .
What the Big Board is considering is re-establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
It did n't work .
Shearson , which in September was the 11th-biggest program trader on the Big Board , had already suspended stock-index arbitrage for its own account .
Mr. Phelan has had difficulty convincing the public that the Big Board is serious about curbing volatility , especially as the exchange clearly relishes its role as the home for $ 200 billion in stock-index funds , which buy huge baskets of stocks to mimic popular stock-market indexes like the Standard & Poor 's 500 , and which sometimes employ program trading .
Despite what some investors are suggesting , the Big Board is n't even considering a total ban on program trading or stock futures , exchange officials said .
Most revisions it will propose will be geared toward slowing down program trading during stressful periods , said officials working with the exchange .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
The discount rate on six-month Treasury bills fell slightly to 7.60 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.99 % .
The one-year LIBOR rate yesterday was 8 7|16 % .
Under the firm 's original bank credit agreement , it was required to raise $ 250 million of subordinated debt to be used to repay some of the bank borrowings drawn to redeem $ 526.3 million of increasing rate debentures in August .
A month ago , when Beatrice first filed to sell debt , the company had planned to offer $ 200 million of its senior subordinated reset notes at a yield of 12 3|4 % .
Continental Cablevision Inc. , via underwriters at Morgan Stanley & Co. , priced $ 350 million of junk bonds at par to yield 12 7|8 % .
`` There were no { sell } lists and the calendar is lightening up a bit .
The debt was reoffered priced to yield from 6 % in 1991 to 7.15 % in 2008-2009 .
Avery , which continues to operate a coal company it expects to sell at a loss , said in proxy materials it intends to seek control of one or more companies .
In over-the-counter trading , Avery shares were quoted yesterday at a bid price of 93.75 cents a share .
On a fully diluted basis , the two raised their stake to 68 % from 51 % .
The sale price of the unit , which makes packaging products , was to consist of cash , notes and an amount to be determined by the unit 's future performance .
Both Clarcor and Anderson are based in Rockford , Ill .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47-store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices .
Certainly , the Oct. 13 sell-off did n't settle any stomachs .
`` One of the three major markets in the world is getting chewed up pretty bad .
One reason for his gloom is a weekly tally he keeps of stocks within a point of hitting new highs or lows .
But by Mr. Granville 's count , 493 issues were within one point of such lows .
'' In addition to having high price-earnings ratios , most pay puny dividends , if any .
Abby Cohen , an investment strategist for Drexel Burnham Lambert , also thinks it makes sense to have some money in both utilities and gold .
Even a small reduction is unacceptable and to suggest otherwise is penny-wise and pound-foolish .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
It 's time business leaders and the general public learn that mankind does not rule over this natural environment but is rather the integral , symbiotic player within nature 's workings .
My questions on this subject at a recent meeting at the World Resources Institute with representatives of the National Resource Development Commission , the Environmental Protection Agency , Friends of the Earth , etc. were greeted with derision and some mumbled comments about that report being discredited .
To my knowledge , no government entities , including the EPA , are pursuing UV-B measurements .
Joe F. Lynch , the 56-year-old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40-year-old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
( Accessories , largely for mountain-bike users , account for much of the rest of sales .
`` What I hope to bring to this is another word : process .
That 's my challenge .
Made of space-age materials , the wheel spokes are designed like airplane wings to shave 10 minutes off the time of a rider in a 100-mile race , the company claims .
In response to the internationalization of the business , Mr. Sinyard 's company is replacing independent distributors overseas with wholly owned subsidiaries .
Besides Bond Corp. , British Satellite 's other backers include Pearson PLC , Reed International PLC and Granada Group PLC .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue-chip stocks registering solid gains .
Although Daimler has said it is n't interested in mounting a bid for Jaguar , dealers said its name further underlined the growing interest in the British concern .
The index fell 151.20 Friday .
Some traders said institutions were waiting to see the U.S. jobless rate to be issued Friday .
The announcement fueled speculation for future advances in the shares .
Tokyu Corp. was up 150 at 2890 .
Tokyu Construction gained 170 to 1610 .
Another factor weighing on the Frankfurt market involves fears about the impending wage talks between the IG Metall metal-workers union and industry representatives , which could result in a wave of strikes next spring , traders said .
The Japanese concern has a 40 % stake , while the local partner has a 60 % stake .
Ms. Stevens is what is known in the trade as a studio singer .
'' At that point nobody , including Ms. Pfeiffer herself , was certain it would be possible .
I think it 's true with a lot of club singers who have n't had the recognition they feel they deserve or that they had hoped for . ''
She kept harping on the importance of overdoing the consonants and percussive endings like `` T '' and `` K .
Say `` funn-eeee .
`` Seeing Michelle up there , '' she added , `` was like watching myself or my daughter .
But his country is Peru , where political visibility , especially for a believer in democracy and free enterprise -- a right winger in Latin American eyes -- makes a man a target for assassination .
For almost any Peruvian these days , to show an interest in public office is a heroic gesture ; for Mr. Vargas Llosa especially so , since he already has achieved a high position in the world 's eyes as a writer .
'' The next voice we hear sounds like this : `` There was no evil , there was no wind , there was no rain .
It is as though Mr. Vargas Llosa had recorded a storytelling session at a Machiguenga campfire .
But the contrast between them becomes a living thing through the brilliant contrast of narrative styles that Mr. Vargas Llosa creates .
By this point , the narrator has become obsessed with finding out about the Machiguenga storytellers , who , he had heard years before , functioned like cultural glue for a tribe split into many small bands in constant motion through the jungle .
The narrator eventually deduces the extraordinary answer , which is confirmed in a literally Kafkaesque manner by a storyteller in the next chapter .
It will be read for the brilliant clash of styles of narration and the even more brilliant way that they have been tied together into a large metaphor for literature and its function in society .
The Kuwaiti government has n't issued any comment on the executions .
The ADB staff is continuing to `` prepare loan proposals for China '' to present to the bank 's board , said R.D. Pacheco , the bank 's chief information officer .
Japan imports about 50 % of the logs exported from the state , which is on the island of Borneo .
Analyses of why currencies do what they do , losing or gaining value against goods or each other , are a favorite pursuit of economists .
They also are often opaque to non-economists .
The WDB model in question is a product of an upstart economics shop called Bell Mueller Cannon Inc .
President Jeffrey Bell in 1978 upset longtime New Jersey Republican Senator Clifford Case in a primary and made an unsuccessful run at Bill Bradley 's U.S. Senate seat .
Whatever track record BMC is able to achieve , any debate is welcome that focuses on the U.S. dollar as the world 's primary instrument for trade and investment among nations and the dominant foreign currency held by central banks .
The U.S. Congress and administration need frequent reminders of that responsibility .
Crashing into a cornfield , United Airlines ' Flight 232 flipped over , and she lost her grip on her son .
When the plane stopped moving , she frantically tried to find him .
But Evan died of smoke inhalation .
July 's Sioux City crash has fueled an emotionally charged debate .
But it is almost impossible to keep hold of a baby during an air crash , or even in severe turbulence .
( Most airlines do n't prohibit their use .
Walter Coleman , vice president of operations for the Air Transport Association , the trade group for the major airlines , describes the call for safety seats as `` legitimate '' and says the group is studying the issue .
What the industry really wants is some kind of device that would protect babies without taking up an extra seat .
The company also said its board recently instituted a review of internal policies and procedures , including activities conducted by Mr. Clarkson .
The company declined to disclose further details , but said that the inquiry is continuing and that it was n't forced by banking regulators .
First Federal named Mr. Ottoni president and chief executive to succeed Mr. Clarkson and elected him as a director .
Moody 's contends the natural gas company 's debt has risen principally because of large prepayments to producers to settle take-or-pay claims , and due to aggressive efforts to increase market opportunities through acquisitions , which were partially financed by debt .
Pedro Perez , secretary of state for economic affairs , said the National Stock Exchange Commission intends to propose the maximum penalty because of what he called the `` decidedly fraudulent '' nature of the operations under scrutiny .
Traders attributed the lackluster activity in part to anticipation of the first pieces of economic data for October : a monthly survey of corporate purchasing managers , due tomorrow , and the employment report , set for Friday .
Also , a number of analysts believe stocks could fall to the vicinity of their lows during the market 's mid-October sell-off before posting any sustainable gains .
UAL Corp. moved up 4 to 175 on reports that Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis has asked United Airlines unions if they 're interested in cooperating with him in a new bid for UAL .
Paramount Communications dropped 1 to 54 3|4 amid rumors that the $ 3.35 billion sale of its Associates Corp. unit to Ford Motor could be delayed until mid-November .
Telecom USA skidded 4 to 28 1|2 .
Nearly one-third of the works by this pioneer of dada and surrealism are lent by French collectors and museums ( the artist spent most of his life in Paris ) .
I can assure Mr. Wanniski that the market is not as politically motivated as he is .
A dollar that will slide into year end -- due to international interest-rate differentials and the choreographed trading techniques of certain oil importers -- which does not inspire foreign-investor interest .
The honeymoon is over for poor George .
New York
They 're also more effective .
The 190-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average Oct. 13 , followed by an 80-point rebound in the next trading session , set off the current outcry against program trading .
In the futures market , a margin payment is simply a good faith deposit .
`` The market was pretty dull '' for most of the day , said Robert H. Chandross , vice president at Lloyds Bank PLC .
Freddie Mac 's 9 % issue ended at 97 19|32 , up 2|32 .
In the derivative market , insurance companies have scaled back their purchases of Remic securities , or real estate mortgage investment conduits , as they assess potential claims from the recent California earthquake and hurricane in the Carolinas .
Last week , a unit of MNC Financial Corp. offered $ 268 million of home-equity securities .
So-called cross-border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Such transactions numbered 670 in the second quarter , up from 527 a year earlier .
Rymer Foods Inc. said its board authorized the purchase of as many as 500,000 of its common stock purchase warrants at a price of $ 4 a warrant .
heat ,
Yesterday , in national trading in the over-the-counter market , Gen-Probe common closed at $ 3.25 a share .
Chugai has been one of the most active Japanese players in U.S. biotechnology companies ; it has an equity investment in Genetics Institute Inc. , Cambridge , Mass. , and a joint-venture agreement with Upjohn Co. , Kalamazoo , Mich .
GenProbe had a net loss of $ 9.5 million on revenue of $ 5.8 million .
Among other things , Mr. Bologna said that the sale will facilitate Gen-Probe 's marketing of a diagnostic test for acquired immune deficiency syndrome , or AIDS .
Would n't the Japanese like a piece of it ?
The visitors then listed technologies up for sale , including launch services and propulsion hardware .
It 's a world leader in auto manufacturing , but its aviation industry is struggling , and its space program is years behind the U.S. , the Europeans and the Soviets .
In August , representatives of Keidanren , Japan 's largest business organization , visited Moscow to explore exports and investments that would help the Soviet economy .
Despite warnings from such leaders as former Federal Reserve Board Chairman William McChesney Martin that unfixed commissions would undo the industry , the SEC in September 1973 said full competition must start May l , 1975 .
Ray Garrett Jr. , SEC chairman , said the `` breadth and depth of the discounting is more than I expected .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
But record industry executives familiar with the talks said Mr. Azoff and Warner came to an agreement yesterday to form a 50-50 joint-venture company funded by Warner and run by Mr. Azoff .
Like Mr. Geffen 's arrangement , the venture gives Mr. Azoff a link to the world 's largest and most successful record distributor ; in the U.S. alone , Warner has a 40 % share of the market , about double its nearest competitor , Sony Corp. 's CBS Records .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
( See : `` Marketing & Media -- Advertising : Ogilvy Chairman-Elect Phillips Sees Better Profit Margins Ahead '' -- WSJ Oct. 30 , 1989 )
Chairman and CEO
If there 's somethin' strange in your neighborhood ...
`` I firmly believe in angels , devils and ghosts , '' says Mr. Warren , whose business card identifies him as a `` demonologist .
In a public opinion poll published in the October issue of Parents Magazine , a third of those queried said they believe that ghosts or spirits make themselves known to people .
But they do n't careen around in an old Cadillac , wear funny suits or blast away at slimy spirits .
Mrs. Stinnett says she never believed in ghosts before , but lately her vacuum cleaner turned itself on , a telephone flew off its stand , doors slammed inexplicably , and she heard footsteps in her empty kitchen .
Mr. Baker hears her out , pokes around a bit , asks a few questions and proposes some explanations .
`` I tell people it 's the groundup bones of saints , '' he says .
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
`` Invariably , '' he says , `` eyewitnesses are untrustworthy .
Mr. Warren pronounces the Litchfield case `` your typical demonic infestation .
THE IRS may taketh what the Labor Department giveth .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Carnegie Mellon , though , says some students conclude they can help their careers most by hitting the books : `` They 're opting to build their resumes through good grades and leadership roles in fraternities .
Our copy of Racine ( Wis .
Much of the money goes into subsidies or keeping inefficient state-controlled companies operating .
About 80 % of Brazil 's voters are believed to live near the poverty level .
Humana contends that $ 8,000 represents an extreme case and that its regular charge for lithotripsy is $ 4,900 .
Seek Financial Security
And 81 % preferred a group practice or health maintenance organization , while just 11 % favored solo practice .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
The building-materials concern did n't disclose terms of the sale , which will close in the first quarter of next year .
Proceeds from the planned sale of the 250,000-square-foot building `` will help reduce the debt incurred as a result of our July 1988 recapitalization , '' said a USG official .
`` Small net inflows into stock and bond funds were offset by slight declines in the value of mutual fund stock and bond portfolios '' stemming from falling prices , said Jacob Dreyer , the institute 's chief economist .
Many small investors went for the safety of money market funds .
Assets of these and other short-term funds surged more than $ 5 billion in September , the institute said .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
We keep wondering what Mr. Gates wanted to say .
They all understand point one : Nothing the U.S. can do will make much difference in whether Mr. Gorbachev succeeds with perestroika .
Mr. Baker seems especially sensitive to the Washington ailment known as Beltway-itis .
Letting officials express their own nuances can be educational .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
It is in the Western interest to see Mr. Gorbachev succeed .
The ultimate outcome depends on what he does , not on what we do .
For one thing , it 's unlikely that many people would receive federal death sentences , let alone be executed .
It might force Congress and the states to narrow the death penalty only to convictions shown to be relatively free of racial imbalance -- murders by repeat offenders who torture their victims , perhaps .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
Separately , Lone Star Technologies said the bankruptcy court granted Lone Star Steel an extension until year end on its exclusive period to present a reorganization plan .
' I was shaking the whole time .
The lawyers went to work anyway , duly noting that the proceeding was taking place during a major earthquake .
For the record , Jeffrey Kaufman , an attorney for Fireman 's Fund , said he was `` rattled -- both literally and figuratively .
Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto .
Revco reacted cautiously , saying the plan would add $ 260 million of new debt to the highly leveraged company .
A financial adviser for Revco bondholders , David Schulte , of Chilmark Partners , had mixed reactions to the offer .
He said he has not met with representatives from Acadia .
We just want a plan that satisfies creditors and at the end leaves a healthy Revco .
But Mr. Schulte , the bondholders ' adviser , said Revco was dragging its feet in responding to the proposal .
Declines came because of concern that demand for copper may slow down .
Prices fell through levels regarded as important support areas , which added to the selling .
According to Fred Demler , metals economist for Drexel Burnham Lambert , New York , `` Highland Valley has already started operating and Cananea is expected to do so soon .
The Bougainville mine is generally expected to remain closed until at least the end of the year .
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon-owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two-year labor pact ends today .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Louisiana-Pacific Corp. said its board authorized the purchase of as many as five million of its common shares for employee stock plans and other general corporate purposes .
For example , while the laws on individual labor activity allow a citizen to earn a living independent of the state , strict provisions are attached on how far this may lead to the development of a free market .
The controls on cooperatives appeared relatively liberal when first introduced .
By contrast , a parliamentary system based on abstract political rights and groups was held to cause , rather than resolve , conflict .
However , Mr. Gorbachev must ensure that within this `` alliance '' the business sector remains subordinate to the party .
The work force provides the third arm of the `` alliance .
Moody 's also confirmed the Prime-1 rating , its highest , on CS First Boston 's commercial paper , or short-term corporate IOUs .
Our commitment to manage these businesses profitably will continue .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
And Oct. 24 , Quotron said it will market the automated trading system of broker-dealer Chapdelaine Government Securities Inc .
Although the dollar rose slightly against most major currencies , the focus in currency markets was on the beleaguered British pound , which gained slightly against the dollar .
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October .
The yield on the issue slipped to 7.92 % .
In April , the Long-Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices .
Overall , PC sales in Japan in the first half of 1989 were 34 % higher than in the year-earlier period .
Various cultural and economic forces have suppressed demand .
In the private sector , practically every major company is setting explicit goals to increase employees ' exposure to computers .
Many of the companies are even dropping their traditional independence and trying to band together to create some sort of standard .
Although it has opened a New Zealand subsidiary , it is still only `` studying '' Japan , the only nation that has n't adopted IBM-oriented specifications .
IBM , though long a leader in the Japanese mainframe business , did n't introduce its first PC in Japan until five years after NEC did , and that was n't compatible even with the U.S. IBM standard .
Nausea and vomiting are other common side effects .
'' )
At the behest of pro-choice members of Congress , a four-year reauthorization bill for Title X federal family-planning assistance now contains a $ 10 million grant for `` development , evaluation and bringing to the marketplace of new improved contraceptive devices , drugs and methods .
Mrs. Allen is a senior editor of Insight magazine .
Nearly 10 years ago , representatives of service-sector companies worked out a plan with the Commerce Department to improve the data on service-sector exports .
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy-out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .
Mr. Phelan 's meeting with the floor brokers comes as he prepares to explain the exchange 's position on program trading to key congressional regulators in a closed session tomorrow , according to exchange officials .
'' The program-trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Merrill has been the fourth-biggest stock-index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Kidder made an abrupt about-face on program trading yesterday , after a special meeting between the firm 's president and chief executive officer , Michael Carpenter , and its senior managers .
Indeed , there are legitimate hedging strategies used by managers of large portfolios such as pension funds that involve program trading as a means of protecting the assets of their pension beneficiaries .
`` We are reaching the moment of truth '' on Wall Street , said Rep. Edward J. Markey ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of the House subcommittee on telecommunications and finance .
To confirm Mr. Guy 's identification , Sotheby 's and IFAR exchanged photos by fax , and the waiting man , apparently innocent of knowledge that the kylix was stolen , agreed to release it .
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression .
Then they took the art to Acapulco and began to trade some of it for cocaine .
According to a source at the East Europe desk , two previously convicted felons were charged , tried , convicted and sentenced to prison terms of four and 12 years .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
Separately , Ford said it will offer $ 750 cash rebates to buyers of its 1990-model Ford Bronco sport utility vehicle .
It said it will also offer buyers the option of financing as low as 6.9 % on 24-month loans .
LTV challenged the order , and a federal district court in New York in June 1988 ruled that the agency improperly ordered LTV to reassume responsibility for the plans .
The Nissan logo flashed on the screen for a moment , and then came a taped plea for donations from former President Reagan -- followed by the silent print telling viewers where to call .
Within two hours , viewers pledged over $ 400,000 , according to a Red Cross executive .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self-congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
The ads are just the latest evidence of how television advertising is getting faster on the draw .
But as advertisers latch onto disasters with increasing frequency , they risk hurting themselves as much as helping the cause .
`` People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent ... then consumers will see through that , '' warns John Philip Jones , chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University .
`` The World Series is brought to you by Lexus , who urges you to help relieve the suffering caused by the recent earthquake ... , '' the game announcer said .
Paul Rheingold , a New York lawyer who represents DES victims , said that before the New York ruling , only the states of Washington and Wisconsin had followed the California decision .
Each company 's share of liability would be based on their share of the national DES market .
-- Let stand the mail fraud and conspiracy conviction of John Lavery , a former vice president of Beech-Nut Nutrition Corp. , a unit of Nestle S.A .
The conviction stemmed from federal charges of consumer fraud for sale of phony infant apple juice between 1978 and 1983 .
In that time more than 1.2 million jobs have been created and the official jobless rate has been pushed below 17 % from 21 % .
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks .
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order .
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 11|16 % one month ; 8 11|16 % three months ; 8 7|16 % six months ; 8 3|8 % one year .
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks .
9.76 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6|2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages .
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.70 % .
Four other countries in Europe have approved Proleukin in recent months .
Western Union had offered to swap each $ 1,000 face amount of the notes for six shares of common stock and two new debt issues : a $ 500 note paying an interest rate starting at 16.75 % annually and rising in later years , due in 1992 , and a $ 500 note , due in 1997 , paying a fixed rate of 17 % and including rights protecting a holder against a decline in the trading price of the bond .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
A Genentech spokeswoman said the agreement calls for Hoechst to promote TPA for heart patients and streptokinase for other clot-reducing purposes .
The largest financial issues , as measured by the Nasdaq financial index , tumbled 3.23 to
Profit-taking accounted for much of the slide in OTC stock prices , according to David Mills , senior vice president of Boston Company Advisers .
Much of the market 's recent volatility has been blamed on this large-scale computerized trading technique that can send stock prices surging or plummeting in a matter of minutes .
Ratners and Weisfield 's said they expect to sign definitive agreements shortly and to complete the transaction by Dec. 15 .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year-earlier quarter .
Abraham Lincoln Federal Savings Bank sank 4 to 13 1|2 after announcing a shakeup that will change senior management and reorganize the bank 's mortgage business as a separate unit .
`` Only a decade ago cancer was a black box about which we knew nothing at the molecular level .
To date , scientists have fingered two of these cancer-suppressors .
Then last spring , researchers reported finding a gene called p53 which , if impaired , turns healthy colon cells cancerous .
Right now about a dozen laboratories , in the U.S. , Canada and Britain , are racing to unmask other suspected tumor-suppressing genes .
Researchers say the inactivation of tumor-suppressor genes , alone or in combination , appears crucial to the development of such scourges as cancer of the brain , the skin , kidney , prostate , and cervix .
But in Baltimore , Dr. Vogelstein , a young molecular biologist at Johns Hopkins Medical School , believed Dr. Knudson was right , and set out to repeat the Cavenee experiment in cells from other cancers .
His was one of two research teams in 1984 to report dual chromosome losses for a rare childhood cancer of the kidney called Wilm 's tumor .
In a report out last week , John Minna and colleagues at the National Cancer Institute say that about half the cells taken from lung cancer tissue they tested are missing this gene .
It may even be possible to replace defective genes with healthy versions , though no one has come close to doing that so far .
A company official says Michael 's break-even volume on Easy Eggs is around 60 million pounds a year -- apparently well above current shipments and a far cry from what the company once suggested was a billion-pound market waiting for such a product .
A spokesman said later that Mr. Olson was being `` conservative '' in his estimate .
Says New York-based short seller Mark Cohodes , `` In my mind this is a $ 7 stock .
Michael , which also processes potatoes , still relies on spuds for about a fourth of its sales and nearly half its pretax profit .
The printing customers that Quebecor will gain through Maxwell Graphics include the Sunday newspaper supplement Parade , Time , Sports Illustrated and TV Guide .
'' He adds : `` I think this is a great strategic move for Quebecor .
Still , Mr. Peladeau stuck with the venture .
`` It 's tabloid news from A to Z .
After a recent merger , it is also the only province-wide distributor of magazines and newspapers in Quebec .
Pierre-Karl Peladeau , the founder 's son and the executive in charge of the acquisition , says Quebecor has n't decided how it will finance its share of the purchase , but he says it most likely will use debt .
The suit , filed in federal court in Manhattan , charges that New York 's mandatory retirement age of 76 violates federal law .
The suit 's impact on New York may be narrow , however .
In the Vermont case , a federal judge ruled that the state 's mandatory age of 70 for appointed judges was illegal ; Vermont 's appeal of that decision is pending before the U.S. Second Circuit Court of Appeals in Manhattan .
Aaron Ment , Connecticut 's chief court administrator , declined to comment on the suit and the EEOC 's intervention .
U.S. Attorney General Dick Thornburgh 's plan to dissolve the 14 regional organized-crime strike forces is expected to go into effect next month , despite the opposition of Democratic congressional leaders and lawyers in the special units .
He says the strike-force lawyers will work more efficiently under the supervision of U.S. attorneys .
A spokesman for Sen. Edward M. Kennedy ( D. , Mass .
) says Mr. Thornburgh would be required to reinstate the units next year if an proposed omnibus crime bill is passed .
`` We will vigorously oppose the bill , '' he says .
`` I do n't think ( the reorganization is ) going to happen .
WHITMAN & RANSOM recruits lawyers from disbanding firm : The 204-lawyer New York firm will bring in at least 12 partners and a not yet determined number of associates from Golenbock & Barell , which will dissolve Dec. 31 .
Despite Mr. Blaine 's protests , the judge rescheduled her case for Nov. 27 .
Warner , which is in the process of being acquired by New York-based Time Warner Inc. , also said it paid the two producers a fixed annual salary of $ 3 million .
For the third quarter , net rose to $ 242 million , or $ 1.05 a share , from $ 144 million , or 63 cents a share .
Because it 's impossible to gauge how long the walkout by 55,000 Machinists rank and file will last , the precise impact on Boeing 's sales , earnings , cash flow and short-term investment position could n't be determined .
In a statement , Chairman Frank Shrontz asserted that the company `` faces significant challenges and risks , '' on both its commercial and government contracts .
The producers include Shell Canada Ltd. , a unit of Royal Dutch|Shell Group ; Esso Resources Canada Ltd. , a unit of Imperial Oil Ltd. , which is 71%-owned by Exxon Corp. ; and Gulf Canada Resources Ltd. , a unit of Olympia & York Developments Ltd .
Like Foothills , TransCanada 's Polar Gas consortium plans to build a pipeline directly south from the Mackenzie River delta in Canada 's western Arctic with an initial capacity to transport 1.2 billion cubic feet of gas daily .
Mr. Jesperson 's US$ 3.25 estimate is somewhat below the $ 3.39 floor price that Calgary-based consulting firm Paul Ziff & Co. recently said would be needed for Mackenzie delta gas producers to see a return on their investment .
Instead , Richard Haskayne , president and chief executive of Interprovincial 's Calgary-based parent , Interhome Energy Inc. , said the company would prefer to work with other `` interested parties '' on a joint proposal .
The petition challenged First Union 's lending record in the state , saying that the bank-holding company had `` shut itself off from contact with the low-income community and is redlining almost every black neighborhood that it serves in the state .
In a meeting in New York yesterday , the committee put on hold instructions it gave two weeks ago to its experts to explore other options for Eastern 's future , the sources said .
Such a change meant the reorganization plan the creditors had agreed on was no longer valid , and the two sides had to begin negotiating again .
Yields for tax-exempt bonds range from 6 1|2 % in 1990 to 7.88 % in 2003-2005 .
Beneficial Corp. -- $ 248.3 million of securities backed by home-equity loans through Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
South Australian Government Finance Authority ( agency ) -- 125 million Australian dollars of zero-coupon Eurobonds due Dec. 12 , 1994 , priced at 50.9375 to yield 15.06 % less fees via Hambros Bank Ltd .
Guaranteed by the South Australian Treasury .
Fees 1 3|8 .
Fees 1 3|4 .
Allianz said it won French government approval to buy as much as one-third of Navigation Mixte , a diversified financial , transport and food holding company .
That would be bad news for Navigation Mixte 's current management , which was counting on Allianz to help fend off Paribas .
It is to offer 1,800 francs for shares created on July 1 , which receive partial dividends .
Alternatively , it would offer to swap three Paribas shares for one Navigation Mixte share .
The amount of the settlement will be taken as a charge against earnings in the fourth quarter .
Such a focus is `` more profitable , more efficient and gives us a greater sense of control , '' said William A. Shane , Mercury 's senior executive vice president .
Mr. Sugarman has in turn contended that the other major shareholder group -- whose interests are represented by three other directors connected to trusts in the name of the children of the company 's founder , James Patterson -- has ties to a competing fast food chain , Wendy 's International Inc .
Nonetheless , Mr. Kurnit said that the latest decisions are having a chilling effect .
While sterling bounced back from session lows in a bout of short-covering yesterday , foreign exchange dealers said that any hopes that the pound would soon post significant gains have evaporated .
Traders said that statements made over the weekend to quell concern about the stability of Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's government and the future of her economic program largely failed to reassure investors and bolster the flagging British unit .
General Electric Capital Corp. 's Monogram Bank USA acquired a Visa and MasterCard portfolio from Commercial Federal Savings & Loan Association , an Omaha , Neb. , unit of Commercial Federal Corp. of Omaha .
GE Capital is a financial services subsidiary of General Electric Co. of Fairfield , Conn. , which also has broadcasting and electrical-products businesses .
All four demonstrators were arrested .
The law , which Bush allowed to take effect without his signature , went into force Friday .
The heaviest damage was reported in Tipasa , about 40 miles west of Algiers .
Britain 's Thatcher summoned senior advisers for strategy talks as opinion polls showed the prime minister 's popularity had hit a record low following the resignation last Thursday of Chancellor of the Exchequer Lawson .
The cuts will be made half within Germany and half abroad .
It cited the expected beneficial effects of a concentration on key products , further structural changes within the group and cooperation agreements with other companies .
United Air 's parent may have to pay as much as $ 53.7 million to the labor-management buy-out group for fees and expenses incurred in their failed $ 6.79 billion takeover bid .
New construction contracts rose 8 % in September , led by commercial , industrial and public-works projects , according to F.W. Dodge Group .
Markets --
He also mentioned increased capital investment by Pacific Bell for network improvements .
General Motors Corp. is planning to build a new engine plant in Europe that may be built in Britain , provided the company can reach a satisfactory agreement with unions , sources said .
Alternatively , a separate engine plant may be built as part of GM 's planned tie-up with the British luxury car maker , the sources said .
Internal Revenue Service approval of the move as a tax-free transaction was the last hurdle to splitting up the world 's dominant maker of supercomputers , which Mr. Cray founded in 1974 .
The company said fiscal 1989 revenue increased about 30 % to more than $ 32 million from $ 25.3 million .
The approval also ends any hope that Banque Nationale de Paris , another state-sector bank , might have had about taking Credit Lyonnais 's place in the accord .
It hinted over the weekend that it would have been interested in a hook-up with Thomson-CSF .
`` From a common-sense viewpoint , it was not socially acceptable , '' a Fujitsu spokeswoman said yesterday .
`` We desperately wanted the contract because we want experience in the field , '' the Fujitsu spokeswoman said .
Hiroshima 's waterworks bureau said the municipal government had budgeted about 11 million yen ( $ 77,500 ) for the project .
Japanese local governments are expected to invest heavily in computer systems over the next few years , and many companies expect that field to provide substantial revenue .
No foreign companies bid on the Hiroshima project , according to the bureau .
The additions solidify American 's position as the third-largest U.S. transatlantic carrier , behind PanAm Corp. 's Pan American World Airways and Trans World Airlines .
Karstadt did n't give any group sales or profit figures for the first nine months .
While Georgia-Pacific 's stock has outperformed the market in the past two years , Nekoosa has lagged the market in the same period .
I agree with Mr. Lehman 100 % !
Is n't this the same guy who resigned as Navy secretary because he could n't get his 1,000-ship Navy ?
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days .
Psyllium is an annual herb , Plantago ovata , that has been used for centuries by folk doctors here , mainly as a laxative and anti-diarrheal .
One of the studies , done at the University of Minnesota , tested 75 people with raised cholesterol levels .
But the agency has n't yanked psyllium off store shelves .
`` It 's going to be a sensational thing , '' says Mr. Krishnamurthy of P&G in Bombay .
But there 's a catch .
Small crops are grown in Pakistan , France , Spain , Italy , Belgium and Brazil , but their quality ca n't compare to that of Indian psyllium .
Seats currently are quoted at $ 410,000 bid , $ 425,000 asked .
Insurance premiums for one small Maryland concern went up 130 % in less than two years , the last increase coming after one of its three workers developed a herniated disk .
`` There 's a distinct possibility that I may lose my job over this , '' the employee , Karen Allen , of Floor Covering Resources , Kensington , Md. , recently told a congressional hearing .
She said her employer ca n't afford the rate increases , and she fears she wo n't find another job with a benefit plan covering her ailment .
Small-business people end up paying insurance premiums worth two to three times the cost of one illness .
Rep. Waxman and Democratic Sen. Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts have proposed regulation to deal with the problem .
Such requirements , they argue , make it difficult to provide a basic , low-cost health-benefits package .
The insurance-industry association also strongly disagrees with the proposed community rating , which `` does n't save one dollar , '' argues James Dorsch , HIAA 's Washington counsel .
The complexities of the insurance problem make the outcome difficult to predict .
`` What good is having health insurance , '' she asked , `` when it 's so expensive that it becomes impossible to keep after only one major claim ?
Nashua , whose major business is selling copiers , facsimile machines and related supplies , said Reiss & Co .
'' The company said it amended its shareholder rights plan by reducing to 10 % from 20 % the level of ownership by an outsider that would trigger the issuance to other holders of rights to buy additional shares of Nashua common at half price .
Under a program approved by the company in 1987 that did n't specify a share amount , Nashua had purchased 481,000 shares through Sept. 29 .
Previously , the July figure was estimated at a deficit of 613 million francs .
At that price , the company has an indicated value of $ 42.9 million .
Today , with business activity in Hong Kong staggering along at an uneven pace , the economy itself seems locked in a struggle between hope and fear .
Signs of revival seem evident in Hong Kong 's hard-hit hotel sector .
But in the stock and real-estate markets , activity remains spotty even though prices have regained much of their lost ground .
The rest are split roughly between optimists who expect Hong Kong to hum along as before and pessimists who foresee irreparable chaos .
`` But clearly we 're entering a difficult period .
As a result , many of those now planning to leave Hong Kong ca n't easily be swayed by momentary improvements in the colony 's political and economic climate .
Last Tuesday , Kemper Corp. 's Kemper Financial Services Inc. unit said it would no longer trade with firms committed to stock-index arbitrage , including the three that later suspended stock-index arbitrage trading on Friday .
Morgan Stanley has consistently been one of the top stock-index arbitrage traders in recent months .
The best of the crop was last week 's season premiere of `` In the Heat of the Night , '' the NBC series based on a 1967 feature film about a black Philadelphia police detective in a small Southern town .
At one point in the documentary , Mr. Sohmer , who is Jewish , says he felt rejected by many of the Protestants and Southerners he met at Yale .
At the very least , it would appear that Sis is a poor judge of masculine charm .
Crossland said it retained three investment bankers to assist it in developing and implementing a financial restructuring plan .
It would n't identify the bankers .
It also placed on CreditWatch for possible downgrade other securities , including the double-B-minus|B rating of Crossland 's certificates of deposit and the single-B rating of its senior subordinated capital notes .
Doug Alligood , a black advertising executive who tracks black viewing patterns , gives the Carews an `` A '' for marketing moxie , but is n't alone in his lukewarm reaction .
Walter Litvinchuk , vice president of Pan-Alberta Gas Ltd. , a Calgary-based gas marketing concern , said the industry will welcome the move .
`` Having more than a token presence here should enhance communications and business relationships , '' Mr. Litvinchuk said .
Since its founding in 1818 , Brooks Brothers , the standard-bearer of the Ivy League look , has eschewed flashy sales promotions and fashion trends -- the rules that most retailers live by .
'' One color photo displays a rainbow of dress shirts tied in a knot ; another picture shows neckties with bold designs .
The message is loud and clear : This is not your father 's Brooks Brothers .
When acquired in May 1988 by British retailer Marks & Spencer PLC , Brooks Brothers ' annual operating profit was about $ 41.8 million on sales of $ 290.1 million .
`` Brooks Brothers no longer has a lock on the { Ivy League } customer who is status-conscious about his clothes , '' says Charlie Davidson , president of the Andover Shop , a traditional men 's store in Cambridge , Mass .
Brooks Brothers says business is robust at its 30 outlets in Japan and two shops in Hong Kong .
Alan Smith , president of Marks & Spencer North America and Far East , says that Brooks Brothers ' focus is to boost sales by broadening its merchandise assortment while keeping its `` traditional emphasis .
Wednesday , it will unveil a $ 7 million refurbishing at its flagship store on Madison Avenue .
Says Mr. Roberti : `` We want to turn the customer on .
`` Obviously , we are looking at making economies across the board .
Institut Merieux S.A. , which offered 942 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 801.2 million ) , or C$ 37 a share for Connaught , said it would extend its bid , due to expire last Thursday , to Nov. 6 .
At last report , Connaught had 21.8 million shares outstanding .
Goldman , Sachs & Co. is the underwriter .
While admitting such a move would be `` devastating '' to most creditors , Judge Abramson told a courtroom filled with nearly two dozen attorneys that he was concerned about the toll mounting legal bills will take on Mr. Hunt 's shrinking estate and about the fact that , following voting by creditors , none of the reorganization plans appeared to be viable in their present form .
`` It would be a shame to have a Chapter 7 after all the progress in this case , '' said Judge Abramson .
Neither plan is dead , however , and the judge could force creditors to accept some version of them after ruling on the Minpeco-Manufacturers Hanover dispute .
Dow Jones , which owns 67 % of Telerate , publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , community newspapers and operates financial news services and computer data bases .
Air & Water Technologies Corp. completed the acquisition of Falcon Associates Inc. , a Bristol , Pa. , asbestos-abatement concern , for $ 25 million of stock .
A Concord spokeswoman called the suit `` unfounded '' but declined to comment further .
`` Portrayal of our members as disloyal to each other is totally contrary to the most important values of our organization -- loyalty and trust .
Lawrence M. Gressette Jr. , president , was elected to the additional posts of chairman and chief executive officer of this utility holding company , effective Feb. 1 , 1990 .
The sky filled with 12.8-pound shells , several of which fell back to Earth , destroying homes and buildings .
One thing 's for sure : There have been a ton of them , and greater beings than the editors of the National Enquirer have shown interest .
I think we owe it to the American people to establish credibility regarding UFOs and to produce the greatest possible enlightenment on the subject .
Speculation as to the nature of aliens will no doubt continue until we wake up one morning to find they 've taken over `` The Today Show , '' the way they overwhelm an entire town in Jack Finney 's `` Invasion of the Body Snatchers '' ( Fireside|Simon & Schuster , 216 pages , $ 8.95 ) .
He even had sex with one -- sort of , and not intentionally -- as readers learned in his `` Communion '' ( a book recently described in the New York Times as a `` nonfiction best seller '' ) .
Trustcorp Inc. will become Society Bank & Trust when its merger is completed with Society Corp. of Cleveland , the bank said .
Now , as a new downturn in the chemical industry looms , Akzo says it is in far better shape to cope .
An indication of Akzo 's success in reshaping itself will come Thursday when it reports third-quarter results .
Veterinary products are showing especially strong growth , Mr. Bergsma said .
By accounting definitions , this had to produce a sudden trade deficit .
Faced with a similar situation , Paul Volcker let the dollar soar , ( though monetary aggregates also grew so rapidly monetarists issued egg-on-the-face warnings of inflation ) .
Somewhere in between there must be a golden mean , perhaps measured by M-Whatever , but perhaps measured by purchasing power parity .
Mr. Reynolds also notes that since British banks have no reserve requirements , high interest rates are less likely to curb inflation than to cause recession .
All the more so when strong voices are heard opposing the policy .
They confront stubborn inflation and a sagging economy , that is to say , stagflation .
He also plans to get to know clients that Mr. Roman was closer to , such as Lever Brothers , American Express and Seagram .
Ms. Heller , 38 , had headed up Boston agency Heller|Breene , a unit of WCRS .
The agency , with about $ 35 million in billings , will be dissolved , with some of its staffers absorbed by WCRS 's Della Femina McNamee unit in Boston , Ms. Heller said .
She said it was too early to say what would happen to its clients , including Reebok and Apple .
Comparable store sales for the quarter were up 7.3 % .
The net loss for the quarter was $ 43.1 million against a year-earlier loss of $ 106 million .
Excluding those businesses , earnings before interest , taxes and depreciation for 1988 would have been $ 728.5 million .
While our competitors are concerned with their financial viability and possible ownership changes , we will be concentrating on buying and selling merchandise our customers need and want .
`` The volume and profit impact on our fiscal first quarter will not be positive , but looking at the whole fiscal year , we do n't see the effect as material , '' wrote Mr. Finkelstein .
But because these claims are more difficult to evaluate and have been coming in more slowly , the company has no estimate of the impact of the earthquake on fourth-quarter results .
'' Next to them was the red flag of the outlawed South African Communist Party , which has long been an ANC ally .
Most are from independent producers instead of regulated utilities , and Westinghouse believes it will ride a wave of demand stretching over the next six years .
Westinghouse 's own role as a supplier also is changing .
But last June 's annnouncement that Westinghouse would put up all of the $ 70 million to build a new 55-megawatt plant could herald a new age .
In addition , the two companies will develop new steam turbine technology , such as the plants ordered by Florida Power , and even utilize each other 's plants at times to take advantage of currency fluctuations .
It is expected that the current surge in demand for new power will be filled primarily by independent producers which , unlike utilities , are n't regulated and therefore do n't need government approval to construct new plants .
Despite shutdowns of the company 's Lester and East Pittsburgh plants , the company believes it has sufficient capacity to meet near-term demand with its much smaller and more efficient manufacturing facilities in North Carolina .
The company already is gearing up for a renaissance of nuclear power even though it has n't received an order for a domestic nuclear plant in a decade .
Among the things I learned covering the World Series these past few weeks is that the Richter scale , which measures earthquakes , is n't like the one in your bathroom .
That came in the seventh inning of Game Four when , trailing 8-2 , they scored four times and brought their big heat -- Will Clark and Kevin Mitchell -- to the plate with one out and a runner on .
In fact , managers today are probably more aware of speed as a competitive variable than ever before .
`` But in the real world , you learn that speed and quality are not a trade-off .
Speed is a component of quality -- one of the things we must deliver to satisfy customers .
`` We used the data to redesign our sorting system and put our resources where they could do the most good .
And service levels have increased to the point where they 're consistently above 99 % .
`` First , they produced a flowchart detailing the process by which an air-separation plant actually gets built .
`` But instead of gathering their input piecemeal , we formed the team , which reached consensus on the proposal objectives and produced a statement of work to guide all the functions that were involved .
The successes achieved at Federal Express , Union Carbide and Grumman suggest that managing speed may be an underutilized source of competitive advantage .
'' Reports by the Office of Technology Assessment do n't prescribe any specific legislative action but suggest a range of options that Congress may pursue .
Eventually , Mr. Rey was forced to sell his Bally shares to the weapons maker Oerlikon-Buehrle Holding AG as establishment pressure grew on this hostile move into the Swiss old boys ' network .
`` I do n't want to be like { financier Alan } Bond and the other Australians .
Some countries also have been pressing for special treatment for Hungary and Poland as they move toward more democratic rule , just as special treatment had been agreed on for China .
`` Unisys is getting clobbered .
`` The quarter was terrible , and the future looks anything but encouraging .
Still , Unisys said its European business was weak during the quarter , a worrisome sign given that the company has relied on solid results overseas to overcome weakness in the U.S. over the past several quarters .
`` We 've approached this not as a response to a temporary condition in the industry but as a fundamental change the industry is going through , '' Mr. Unruh said .
Securities analysts were even more cautious , having been burned repeatedly on Unisys this year .
It said long-term interest rates , then above 9 % , could drop to 7 % by the end of 1989 , so bonds , which benefit from falling rates , would be a good buy .
'' He adds , `` That 's the forecasting business .
This is n't the quiet economic science practiced in the universities .
No sophisticated professional expects economists to be right all the time .
A good half-hour into breakfast at the Palmer House , Mr. O'Brien looks up from his plate after Mr. Straszheim says something about people who believe interest rates are about to nosedive .
Is that the forecast ?
He does n't fully succeed , although Mr. Straszheim lists an array of interest-rate scenarios .
Or can we ask you why you changed your forecast just when it 's about to be right ?
Sometimes , like now , it 's gray .
In the filing , Crane said that in the past it considered seeking control of Milton Roy , of St. Petersburg , Fla. , through a merger or tender offer and that it expects to continue to evaluate an acquisition from time to time .
Earlier this month , Milton Roy signed a letter of intent to acquire Automated Custom Systems Inc. , Orange , Calif. , and its sister operation , Environmental Testing Co. , in Aurora , Colo .
The opposition Labor Party leader , Neil Kinnock , in a display of the male chauvinism typical of the British lower class , denounced Mrs. Thatcher for having an independent mind and refusing to heed the men in her Cabinet .
As a result , he reignited the inflation that Mrs. Thatcher , through a long and costly effort , had subdued .
The British balance-of-payments statistics show that after the top tax rate was cut to 40 % , the flow abroad of British capital slowed , to 50 billion pounds ( $ 79 billion at the current rate ) in 1988 from 93 billion pounds in 1986 .
The most important governments have ignored the role of low tax rates in attracting real capital investment , instead emphasizing financial flows in response to high interest rates .
`` I think the consumer has pretty well played himself out , '' said David Littman , senior economist at Manufacturers National Bank of Detroit .
Analysts have attributed much of the summer 's spurt in spending to bargain car prices at the end of the model year .
RA acquired the Howick coal mine Oct. 20 when it bought British Petroleum Co. 's Australian coal interests for $ 275 million .
CRA said then that it was looking for a partner for the mine , which produces more than three million metric tons of coal a year .
CRA is 49%-owned by RTZ Corp. of Britain .
`` We 'd like to continue to reduce debt , '' President Lawrence Perlman said .
Loan covenants require that the company achieve specified levels of operating earnings and meet a rolling four-quarter profitability test .
`` We do n't need the cash .
`` Absolutely , '' he said .
But while its stock is selling at about half Control Data 's estimated breakup value , neither Messrs. Perlman nor Price said he spends much time considering the possibility of a hostile takeover .
`` We 've been listed as a candidate for so long it 's not worth worrying about , '' said Mr. Price .
'' Indeed , Wright said all his life that the greatest lessons he learned were derived from the study of nature .
'' The illogic and inaccuracy of John H. Adams 's comments for the National Resources Defense Council fully justifies your characterization of California 's Greens in particular as `` la-la activists .
Warsaw , Va .
Now comes word from a scientist that over the next century Venice will sink nearly three times faster than the present rate because of the `` greenhouse effect .
West Germany 's Quelle said it will establish a mail-order operation with two local partners in the Soviet Union next year .
Sony , for its part , could decide that the cost of a Warner settlement or court fight is too high , choosing instead to find someone else to run Columbia , although that too would be costly given the financial arrangement already guaranteed to Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters .
Mr. Peters says in his affidavit that the movie 's staff was told last week that Warner was `` taking over '' the picture , and another producer would be giving all of the orders .
Mr. Guber , in his affidavit , says that when he advised Warner President Terry Semel of the Sony offer at lunch on Sept. 25 , Mr. Semel `` hugged and congratulated me , and expressed joy that we had finally realized our long-term ambition of running and having an equity position in a major entertainment company .
`` They are like a mini-studio ; they have 50 projects in development for Warner , '' he says .
The federal deficit was $ 155.15 billion in 1988 and $ 149.69 billion in 1987 .
The law sets a deficit target of $ 100 billion for fiscal 1990 .
In all , federal outlays amounted to $ 1.143 trillion in 1989 , up 7.5 % from the previous year , the Treasury said .
The dividend will be paid Nov. 22 to shares of record Nov. 7 .
Under previous terms , holders would have received a dividend of only $ 20 a share .
Although he expressed confidence that the proposed new company 's cash flow would be sufficient to cover interest payments on the debt , he estimated that the company would n't be profitable until 1994 or later .
Analyst estimate the value of the BellSouth proposal at about $ 115 to $ 125 a share .
The previous BellSouth pact was valued at about $ 98 to $ 110 a share .
Over the weekend , McCaw continued to call for an auction of LIN .
`` We 're very pleased with the new deal .
We did n't expect BellSouth to be so responsive , '' said Frederick A. Moran , president of Moran Asset Management Inc. , which holds 500,000 LIN shares .
Indeed , McCaw seemed to hint at that option in a brief statement .
`` Sometimes { traders } lose sight of that , '' he says .
The OTC stocks in the S&P 500 include Nasdaq 's biggest , such as Apple Computer , MCI Communications , Tele-Communications and Liz Claiborne .
This gap eventually closes , but slowly .
Weakness in big technology stocks hurt the composite as well as the Nasdaq 100 Index , which fell 1.4 % , or 6.43 , on Friday , to 437.68 .
The Nasdaq Financial Index lost about 1 % , or 3.95 , to 448.80 .
LIN Broadcasting surged 4 5|8 to 112 5|8 ; LIN and BellSouth sweetened their merger agreement in an attempt to keep shareholders from tendering their shares to McCaw Cellular Communications .
Intel eased 1|8 to 31 7|8 .
London shares were depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by the drop in sterling after Mr. Lawson 's resignation .
The Financial Times 100-share index shed 47.3 points to close at 2082.1 , down 4.5 % from the previous Friday and 6.8 % from Oct. 13 , when Wall Street 's plunge helped spark the current weakness in London .
The 30-share index settled 42.0 points lower at 1678.5 .
A senior dealer with Warburg Securities noted British Gas , the most active blue-chip stock at 20 million shares traded , was affected by the political implications of Mr. Lawson 's departure and Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet shuffle .
On Friday , the Tokyo stock price index of first section issues was down 15.82 at 2681.76 .
`` If you take away the outside influences , the market itself looks very cheap .
'' Minority Leader Dole plans to offer a resolution tomorrow denouncing the Nicaraguan president , whose remarks came during a celebration in Costa Rica marking regional moves to democracy .
Lawmakers must decide next month whether the Contras will get so-called humanitarian aid under a bipartisan agreement reached in March .
With all the votes counted , a government spokesman said Prime Minister Gonzalez 's party won 176 seats in the 350-seat Cortes , or lower house of parliament .
Dissidents in Czechoslovakia said the nation 's pro-democracy movement was growing despite the government 's move to crush a protest Saturday in Prague 's Wenceslas Square .
More than 10,000 demonstrators had called for free elections and the resignation of Communist Party leader Milos Jakes .
In the third quarter , orders rose a real 5 % and a nominal 9 % .
It now holds the No. 3 position at U.S. department-store cosmetic counters .
That acquisition , to be completed by year end , will include the Cover Girl and Clarion makeup lines , making P&G the top marketer of cosmetics in mass-market outlets .
Likely changes include more emphasis on research , soaring advertising budgets and aggressive pricing .
P&G set out to reposition the brand by broadening the product line to include facial cleansers and moisturizers for sensitive skin .
Estee Lauder , for example , spends only an estimated 5 % of sales on advertising in the U.S. , and Mr. Lauder says he has no plans to change his strategy .
Unilever already has experienced some disappointment .
Several of the New York Stock Exchange 's own listed companies , led by giant Contel Corp. , are joining for the first time to complain about program trading and the exchange 's role in it .
The focus of the outcry has been stock-index arbitrage , which accounts for about half the program trading that goes on .
`` They wo n't fight the listed companies .
She could end up seeking a fourth term in an economy sick with inflation , high interest rates and a heavy trade deficit .
`` There 's a rising fear that perhaps Mrs. Thatcher 's style of management has become a political liability , '' says Bill Martin , senior economist at London brokers UBS-Phillips & Drew .
The prime minister 's insistence on keeping a private coterie of advisers -- including an economic guru who openly criticized former Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson -- confused the financial community .
That would leave Mrs. Thatcher little room for maneuver .
Since then , the government has left observers wondering if it ever meant to join .
Joseph L. Dionne , chairman and chief executive officer of McGraw-Hill Inc. , was elected to the board of directors of this electronics manufacturer .
Tithing : Obedience to one-tenth Commandment .
`` It is clear , '' Ms. Waite says , `` that most of the effect of increasing education has been to shift who is helping the wife|mother .
For example , 66 % of the 18 to 24 year olds in the four latest surveys favored an `` open housing '' law prohibiting homeowners from refusing on racial grounds to sell to prospective buyers .
Why had Mr. Korotich been called ?
Anxious allies of President Mikhail Gorbachev are cautioning media leaders to take it easy , to be careful not to do anything that could be used by Mr. Gorbachev 's opponents .
As late as the 1890s , the Russian government prevented any coverage of famines .
It is an admirable public relations program initiated by a single political leader during a four-year blink of history .
It is the line beyond which the press can report not only on the bankruptcy of factories but on the failures of even admirable leaders .
A surprisingly small amount of reserves was added to the banking system .
Still , the split is there .
Exports , which played a key role in fueling growth over the last two years , seem to have stalled .
If that happens , Chairman Greenspan could well become an open target .
A judge must jump from murder to antitrust cases , from arson to securities fraud , without missing a beat .
But the Reagan administration thought otherwise , and so may the Bush administration .
The associations would like the court to include between three and six judges with specialized training .
If the Supreme Court holds in Medtronic 's favor , the decision will have billion-dollar consequences for the manufacturers of medical devices , color and food additives and all other non-drug products that required Food & Drug Administration approval .
PRIME RATE : 10 1|2 % .
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.65 % .
The date was misstated in Friday 's edition .
By the end of this year , 63-year-old Chairman Silas Cathcart -- the former chairman of Illinois Tool Works who was derided as a `` tool-and-die man '' when GE brought him in to clean up Kidder in 1987 -- retires to his Lake Forest , Ill. , home , possibly to build a shopping mall on some land he owns .
Through the first nine months of the year , Kidder ranks a distant 10th among underwriters of U.S. stocks and bonds , with a 2.8 % market share , up slightly from 2.5 % in the year-earlier period , according to Securities Data Co .
Gary S. Goldstein , president of the Whitney Group , an executive search firm , said : `` I 'd like to see ( Kidder ) succeed .
But they have to attract good senior bankers who can bring in the business from day one .
'' The units have worked on 37 investment banking deals this year , he says , though not all of them have panned out .
`` The Kidder name is one of only six or seven that every CEO recognizes as a viable alternative '' when considering a merger deal , he says .
Now , according to a Kidder World story about Mr. Megargel , all the firm has to do is `` position ourselves more in the deal flow .
Mr. Carpenter denies the speculation .
Theoretically , the brokers will then be able to funnel `` leads '' on corporate finance opportunities to Kidder 's investment bankers , possibly easing the longstanding tension between the two camps .
Kidder competitors are n't outwardly hostile to the firm , as many are to a tough competitor like Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. that does n't have Kidder 's long history .
Mr. Cathcart says he has had `` a lot of fun '' at Kidder , adding the crack about his being a `` tool-and-die man '' never bothered him .
( See : `` Politics & Policy : Debate on IRAs Centers on Whether Tax Break Should Be Immediate or Put Off Till Retirement '' -- WSJ Oct. 27 , 1989 )
In what could prove a major addition to the Philippines ' foreign-investment portfolio , a Taiwanese company signed a $ 180 million construction contract to build the centerpiece of a planned petrochemical complex .
These are the raw materials used in making plastics .
In addition , President Aquino has yet to sign into law a bill removing a stiff 48 % tax on naphtha , the principal raw material to be used in the cracker .
China General Plastics , another Taiwanese petrochemical manufacturer , was to have a 40 % stake in Luzon Petrochemical .
He said USI Far East has applied to both the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank 's International Finance Corp. for financing that could include equity stakes .
THE YALE POLITICAL UNION does n't pay an honorarium to speakers .
In Thursday 's edition , it was incorrectly indicated that the union had paid a fee to former House Speaker Jim Wright .
`` The ramifications are enormous , '' says Rep. Don Edwards , a California Democrat who is a senior member of the House Judiciary Committee .
The issue arose last week when Vice President Dan Quayle told an audience in Chicago that Mr. Bush was looking for a test case .
Rep. Edwards , the California Democrat , is one who pledges that he would immediately challenge Mr. Bush in the courts , arguing a line-item veto would expand a president 's powers far beyond anything the framers of the Constitution had in mind .
`` They are not a happy group of people at Battle Creek right now .
Until recently , Kellogg had been telling its sales force and Wall Street that by 1992 it intended to achieve a 50 % share of market , measured in dollar volume .
Sales rose 4.8 % to $ 1.20 billion from $ 1.14 billion .
PARKER HANNIFIN Corp. , which is selling three automotive replacement parts divisions , said it will retain its Automotive Connectors and Cliff Impact divisions .
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce ( Canada ) -- 10 billion yen of 5.7 % bonds due Nov. 17 , 1992 , priced at 101 1|4 to yield 5.75 % less full fees , via LTCB International Ltd .
Though the split has long been expected , the exchanges are n't fully prepared to go their separate ways .
If that proves true , analysts say Banco Exterior could be a prime partner -- or even a takeover target -- for either a Spanish or foreign bank seeking to increase its market share after 1992 , when the European Community plans to dismantle financial barriers .
Mr. Luzon and his team , however , say they are n't interested in a merger .
The late start may be a handicap for the bank as Spain continues to open up its market to foreign competition .
The lawyers also monitor suits to identify specific automobile parts that cause the biggest legal problems .
Another finding from the study : Prosecutors set significantly different priorities .
The former first lady of the Philippines , asked a federal court in Manhattan to dismiss an indictment against her , claiming among other things , that she was abducted from her homeland .
THE FEDERAL COURT of appeals in Manhattan ruled that the dismissal of a 1980 indictment against former Bank of Crete owner George Koskotas should be reconsidered .
The trial begins today in federal court in Philadelphia .
`` It is a cheap-shot suit -- procedurally defective and thoroughly fallacious -- which was hurriedly filed by a contingency-fee lawyer as a result of newspaper reports , '' said a GE spokeswoman .
Ford Motor Co. and Chrysler Corp. representatives criticized Mr. Tonkin 's plan as unworkable .
Officials at Gulf Power could n't be reached for comment .
But the company said the political contributions had been made more than five years ago .
Exxon Corp. is resigning from the National Wildlife Federation 's corporate advisory panel , saying the conservation group has been unfairly critical of the Exxon Valdez oil spill along the Alaskan coast .
Further , under the agreement , First Tennesse would continue to develop the software that creates customer products and sevices .
The Senate , 84-6 , voted to increase to $ 124,000 the ceiling on insured mortgages from the FHA , which lost $ 4.2 billion in loan defaults last year .
Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady called the agreement `` an important step forward in the strengthened debt strategy , '' noting that it will `` when implemented , provide significant reduction in the level of debt and debt service owed by Costa Rica .
Under the plan , Costa Rica will buy back roughly 60 % of its bank debt outstanding at a deeply discounted price , according to officials involved in the agreement .
The 13-week and 27-week bills will be issued tomorrow rather than Thursday , Nov. 2 , as originally planned .
American Pioneer Inc. said it agreed in principle to sell its American Pioneer Life Insurance Co. subsidiary to Harcourt Brace Jovanovich Inc. 's HBJ Insurance Cos. for $ 27 million .
The company said the move was necessary to meet capital requirements .
Data Resources ' Mr. Wyss added that he will be keeping a closer eye than ususal on October chain-store sales .
But Mr. Wyss said he will watch the numbers to get an inkling of whether consumers ' general buying habits may slack off as much as their auto-buying apparently has .
`` The outlook is positive for the intermediate to long term .
U.S. producers had a $ 2.15 billion backlog of unfilled orders at the end of September .
'' At least 40 companies are coming to the capital market to raise $ 6 billion , an amount never thought possible in India .
Convertible debentures -- bonds that can later be converted into equity shares -- are the most popular instrument this year , though many companies are also selling nonconvertible bonds or equity shares .
An example is the biggest offering of them all , Larsen & Toubro 's $ 570 million bond issue .
Mr. Patel agrees : `` There is no proper monitoring and screening of the use of these funds .
Finnair , Finland 's state-owned airline , joined the wave of global airline alliances and signed a wide-ranging cooperation agreement with archrival Scandinavian Airlines System .
Under the accord , Finnair agreed to coordinate flights , marketing and other functions with SAS , the 50%-state-owned airline of Denmark , Norway and Sweden .
But a Ford spokeswoman in Dearborn said Friday the company has n't requested such a meeting yet .
Union sentiment also could influence shareholder reaction to a Jaguar-GM accord .
'' ( listening ) `` Yeah .
Abbie lies back and leaves the frame empty .
Since its premiere Sept. 16 , the show on which Ms. Chung appears has used an actor to portray the Rev. Vernon Johns , a civil-rights leader , and one to play a teenage drug dealer .
NBC 's re-creations are produced by Cosgrove-Meurer Productions , which also makes the successful prime-time NBC Entertainment series `` Unsolved Mysteries .
The marriage of news and theater , if not exactly inevitable , has been consummated nonetheless .
Gerald Stone , the executive producer of `` A Current Affair , '' says , `` We have opened eyes to being a little less conservative and more imaginative in how to present the news .
`` There was a roll of laughter through the stands , '' says Joe Sukle , the editor of the weekly Press and Journal in Middletown .
Never .
Mr. Silvers says , `` I wanted to be interviewed to get Abbie 's story out , and maybe talking about the illness will do some good .
One person close to the process says it would not be in the best interest of CBS News to comment on a `` work in progress , '' such as the Hoffman re-creation , but says CBS News is `` aware '' of the concerns of Ms. Lawrenson and Mr. Hoffman 's former wife .
Now , the giant marketing company , which holds 25 % of Japan 's 4.4 trillion yen ( $ 30.96 billion ) advertising industry , is considering the acquisition of an advertising network in the U.S. or Europe .
The NBC network canceled its first new series of the fall TV season , killing Mel Brooks 's wacky hotel comedy `` The Nutt House .
While Compaq sells its machines to businesses through computer retailers , Texas Instruments will be selling most of its machines to the industrial market and to value-added resellers and original-equipment manufacturers .
But the notebook , with the more advanced microprocessor and hard disk , is more innovative .
The notebook , the TI Model 12 , will be priced at $ 4,199 .
`` There are a lot of have and have-not markets .
But Mr. Lagnado predicted the regional trends would continue through Christmas .
The company said it will move the storage and cross-blending operations to a site 23 miles northeast of Las Vegas to distance the operations from residential areas .
Removed from office were George Pratt , Robert E. Davis , Norman Gray , John Virtue , corporate secretary , and Barrett B. Weekes , chairman , president and chief executive officer .
Sales in the first half came to 159.92 billion yen , compared with 104.79 billion yen in the four-month period .
Transamerica expects an after-tax charge of less than $ 3 million against fourth-quarter net ; Hartford Insurance Group , a unit of ITT Corp. , expects a $ 15 million or 10 cents after-tax charge ; and Fireman 's Fund Corp. expects a charge of no more than $ 50 million before taxes and after using its reinsurance .
The charges in the 12-count indictment , which stem from events that allegedly occurred in late 1984 and early 1985 , involve enrollment procedures of six students and the preparation of certain reports , Wilfred said .
The group , led by Giant Group Ltd. and its chairman , Mr. Sugarman , owns about 45.2 % of Rally 's .
Leaseway Transportation Corp. said it will restructure $ 192.5 million of certain subordinated debentures to reduce its debt obligations and interest expense .
Leaseway said it has begun discussions with certain institutional debt holders to review the proposed private placement transaction , which would exchange the debt for new subordinated debt instruments and equity securities .
But the proposed transaction calls for an exchange of the debt for new debentures of lower face value and reduced cash interest .
Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell ( D. , Maine ) said yesterday on NBC-TV 's `` Meet the Press '' that Mr. Ortega 's threat was `` a very unwise move , particularly the timing of it .
Outside observers are gathering in Nicaragua to monitor the registration and treatment of opposition candidates .
The humanitarian assistance , which pays for supplies such as food and clothing for the rebels amassed along the Nicaraguan border with Honduras , replaced the military aid cut off by Congress in February 1988 .
Exports made up 46.2 % of the latest year 's total , up from 39.8 % a year ago .
Presidio said the properties are generally situated in Wyoming , North Dakota , Texas , Oklahoma and Louisiana .
Under the pact , Montedision will make a $ 37-a-share tender offer for Erbamont stock outstanding .
The offer is based on several conditions , including obtaining financing .
DPC Acquisition said it had received the reasonable assurance of Chase Manhattan Bank N.A. that the financing can be obtained .
Dataproducts has since started a restructuring , and has said it is not for sale .
David L. Koffman , president and chief executive officer of Jayark , holds about 40 % of Kofcoh , Jayark said .
It also said that it would start trading the contract as soon as the CFTC approved it .
Mr. Thompson first came to the exchange in 1981 and has been executive vice president since March 1988 .
`` Our members are eager to begin trading this contract , so we expect no difficulty in attracting locals to the natural gas pit , '' he said .
So far they have issued scores of subpoenas , some of which went to members of the New York Merc .
Mr. Conway is no longer at the exchange .
Mr. Thompson believes the case for working together is stronger now than ever .
`` The cost of competition has become extremely high , '' he says .
'' He thinks that progress in cooperation can be made in areas where no vested interests have built up .
One of those areas is the development of a hand-held electronic device that would permit floor traders to enter trades as they make them .
The GAO has recommended the creation of a system to record trade data so that an independent , verifiable audit trail can be established to prevent customer fraud .
In January , the New York Merc signed a letter of intent with the Chicago Merc as a preliminary step to joining their electronic system called Globex .
Lorne Slotnick , vice chairman of the Southern Ontario Newspaper Guild , the union representing the workers , said Thomson made significant concessions in the final round of talks .
In addition to wage increases , the union negotiated improved vacation plans , benefit packages and pension plans , Mr. Slotnick said .
Other analysts are nearly as pessimistic .
Gary Palmero of Oppenheimer & Co. expects a 30 % decline in earnings between now and 1991 for `` commodity-oriented '' paper companies , which account for the majority of the industry .
Gaylord Container said analysts are skeptical of it because it 's carrying a lot of debt .
The planned turbogenerator plant is expected to go into operation in 1994 .
For an investor in the 28 % federal tax bracket , 7.9 % tax-free is the same as 10.38 % on a taxable investment .
There is speculation that property|casualty firms will sell even more munis as they scramble to raise cash to pay claims related to Hurricane Hugo and the Northern California earthquake .
Muni bond holders are worried about the impact of a slowing economy on tax revenue , at a time when many state and local governments already face budget deficits and huge spending needs .
`` There is just so much going on that it 's difficult to pick just one factor that 's driving the market , '' said Ronald Ian Heller , vice president at First Chicago Capital Markets Inc. , a subsidiary of First Chicago Corp .
A few weeks ago , New York sold $ 750 million of tax-exempts .
New York City bonds have been beaten down for three straight weeks .
On Friday , some issues fell nearly one point , or close to $ 10 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
As a result of its large-scale buying , some analysts now say that liquidity , or the ability to easily buy and sell , has been constrained in the benchmark Treasury bond issue .
In other markets :
The sale , expected to close before the end of the year , also includes a manufacturing plant in Franklin Park , Ill .
RJR 's subordinated discount debentures of 2001 , which traded as low as 45 Friday , finished the day at 46 7|8 .
Most other junk bond issues finished a quarter-point lower on rumors that Campeau Corp. was filing for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code .
-- Mortgage securities fell 7|32 to 8|32 but held up better than intermediate Treasurys .
The House has voted to repeal most of the Catastrophic Coverage Act of 1988 , however , which would end the monthly catastrophic-care premium , as well as an unpopular income surtax paid by about 40 % of the wealthier Medicare beneficiaries .
`` The pain is too great .
Among other things , Innopac is involved in recycling polystyrene foam products that are often used by fast food chains , such as McDonald 's Corp. , for food packaging .
Still , analysts said the accord does n't suggest Japan is opening up to more foreign takeovers .
Thomas Jefferson sold Congress on the idea of the decimal system for currency , thus saving Americans the headaches of pounds , shillings and pence .
Still , like the auto makers , when dealing with Mr. Everyman the Pentagon sticks to the tried and true .
Whittle said its field staff signed up the 500 schools in 238 school districts after only eight weeks and company executives now expect to reach their start-up goal of 1,000 schools before the end of this year .
The Educational Network , as Mr. Whittle has named the three programs , has been offered to 1,290 school districts and Whittle continues to negotiate with 919 districts .
Last month , Whittle announced it had sold $ 150 million in advertising time on the network to national advertisers .
$ 15.6 billion of three-month and six-month bills .
Associated Natural Gas Corp. -- 1.4 million common shares , via Dillon Read & Co .
Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan Inc. -- 13 million common shares , via Merrill Lynch .
b - As of Thursday 's close .
Wham !
The only way you can make it a big deal is to draw linkages that just do n't make sense .
Carried even further , some investors assumed that since leveraged buy-outs are the only thing propping up stock prices , the market would collapse if no more LBOs could be done .
Even the volatility created by stock index arbitrage and other computer-driven trading strategies is n't entirely bad , in Mr. Connolly 's view .
`` M&A is getting all the headlines right now , but these other things have been building up more gradually , '' she says .
USX gained 1|2 to 33 3|8 on a report in Business Week magazine that investor Carl Icahn is said to have raised his stake in the oil and steel company to just about 15 % .
Elsewhere in the oil sector , Exxon rallied 7|8 to 45 3|4 ; Amoco rose 1|8 to 47 ; Texaco was unchanged at 51 3|4 , and Atlantic Richfield fell 1 5|8 to 99 1|2 .
Among the issues the board will examine is whether United Airlines , a unit of UAL Corp. , should have been able to detect the cracks through maintenance checks .
To compare temperatures over the past 10,000 years , researchers analyzed the changes in concentrations of two forms of oxygen .
The extra margin for bases in the U.S. enhances the power of the appropriations committees ; meanwhile , lawmakers used their positions to garner as much as six times what the Pentagon had requested for their individual states .
Much of the excess spending will be pushed into fiscal 1991 , and in some cases is temporarily parked in slow-spending accounts in anticipation of being transferred to faster-spending areas after the budget scorekeeping is completed .
Because the cycle of poverty along the lower Mississippi goes back so many generations , breaking this cycle will be next to impossible .
The next time expansion plans are mentioned at the old company and somebody says , `` Aw heck , guys , nobody can do it like Japan or South Korea , '' I wish you would butt in and say , `` Hold it , fellas , why do n't we compare prices and use our own little Third World country .
Hollandale , Miss .
Mobil alluded to the work-force cuts last week when it took a $ 40 million charge as part of its third-quarter earnings and attributed it to a restructuring .
In particular , advisers say , investors may want to look at securities that reduce the risk that CD holders are confronting right now , of having to reinvest the proceeds of maturing short-term certificates at lower rates .
Some of the more cautious CD holders might like `` pre-refunded '' municipals .
BOND FUNDS : Bond mutual funds offer diversification and are easy to buy and sell .
If interest rates do n't change , bond fund investors ' returns will be about equal to the funds ' current yields .
If rates unexpectedly rise , the increasing return on the money fund will partly offset the lower-than-expected return from the bond fund .
With proper warning , diabetics can easily raise their blood sugar to safe levels by eating sugar or sugary food .
The FDA already requires drug manufacturers to include warnings with insulin products that symptoms of hypoglycemia are less pronounced with human insulin than with animal-based products .
Eli Lilly & Co. , the Indianapolis-based drug manufacturer , dominates the U.S. human insulin market with its product known as Humulin .
Last April , the new defense secretary , Richard Cheney , acknowledged that , `` given an ideal world , we 'd have a nice , neat , orderly process .
Negative money was invented in 1988 to make the 1990-94 Five Year Defense Plan conform to the numbers in President Reagan 's final budget submission to Congress .
Note how the baseline program assumes a sharp increase in future appropriations .
It reduces the baseline by $ 169 billion .
The strategic planners in the Joint Chiefs of Staff would construct the most effective defense program for each scenario , maximizing strengths and minimizing weaknesses .
But ZBB did not involve the strategic planners in the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and therefore degenerated into a bean-counting drill driven by budget politics .
A strategic review is fundamentally different .
It would be run by the joint chiefs under simple directions : Produce the best possible force for each budget scenario and provide the Secretary of Defense with a comprehensive net assessment of how that force could be used to achieve U.S. goals .
Strategy is not a game between the Pentagon and Congress ; it is the art of the possible in a world where constraints force us to choose between unpleasant or imperfect alternatives .
The views expressed do not reflect the official policy of the Department of Defense .
Although bullish dollar sentiment has fizzled , many currency analysts say a massive sell-off probably wo n't occur in the near future .
`` By default , '' the dollar probably will be able to hold up pretty well in coming days , says Francoise Soares-Kemp , a foreign-exchange adviser at Credit Suisse .
In late Friday afternoon New York trading , the dollar was at 1.8300 marks and 141.65 yen , off from late Thursday 's 1.8400 marks and 142.10 yen .
A group of investors led by Giant Group Ltd. and its chairman , Burt Sugarman , said it filed with federal antitrust regulators for clearance to buy more than 50 % of the stock of Rally 's Inc. , a fast-food company based in Louisville , Ky .
Giant Group owned 22 % of Rally 's shares before the initial public offering .
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted .
Source : Zacks Investment Research
The redemption price will be 109.66 % of the principal amount of the bonds , plus accrued interest to the date of redemption .
The European Community 's consumer price index rose a provisional 0.6 % in September from August and was up 5.3 % from September 1988 , according to Eurostat , the EC 's statistical agency .
The month-to-month rise in the index was the largest since April , Eurostat said .
The exchange had forecast that the contract would begin trading by December .
If the contract is as successful as some expect , it may do much to restore confidence in futures trading in Hong Kong .
Colony banks have a major stake in how interest rates move because of their enormous Hong Kong-dollar exposure .
And Mr. Gilmore cautions that there may be limits on how much the contract can grow because the Hong Kong dollar is n't a widely traded currency .
Two of Japan 's largest paper manufacturers , Oji Paper Co. and Jujo Paper Co. , posted unconsolidated pretax profit gains from a year earlier for the first half ended Sept. 30 , on continuing robust domestic demand for paper products .
Unocal Corp. 's decision to put its Norwegian oil and gas interests up for sale earlier this week is another step in the company 's strategic review of its properties , and shows that few of them are sacred cows .
H. , a West German oil company , for an undisclosed amount .
A company spokesman said the Veslefrikk field 's gross reserves were estimated in 1987 at 229 million barrels .
The noncallable issue was priced at a spread of 144 basis points above the Treasury 's seven-year note .
The bonds are tentatively priced to yield from 6.90 % in 1996 to 7.55 % in 2023 .
Also issued were 10 billion yen of bonds due Dec. 5 , 1994 , priced at 101 1|2 , with coupon paid in Australian dollars , via LTCB International Ltd .
Each 50,000 Swiss franc note convertible Dec. 4 , 1989 , through March 17 , 1994 , at a 5 % premium over closing share price Nov. 1 , when terms are fixed .
( Japan ) -- 140 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due March 31 , 1994 , with fixed 0.25 % coupon at par , via Yamaichi Bank ( Switzerland ) .
I have just returned from France , and the net exchange rate charged on my Visa account was more favorable than I obtained for traveler 's checks in any of the several banks where I converted them .
Pershare net fell to 4.97 yen from 5.40 yen .
The Philippine government awarded Finland 's Outokumpu Oy the contract to upgrade the facilities of Philippine Associated Smelting & Refining Corp. , according to documents from National Development Corp. , one of Philippine company 's owners .
The project costs $ 46.8 million , and is intended to boost the company 's production capacity by 25 % to 34,500 metric tons of copper cathode a year .
September 's growth followed a 8.7 % rise in July and an 8 % increase in August , showing continued expansion at high year-on-year levels .
In Brussels , which recently spent millions of dollars on a computer-assisted trading system , disgusted traders watched helplessly as a software failure before opening on Manic Monday prevented trading for two days .
In Frankfurt , which only has a two-hour daily stock-trading session even in the best of times , stocks did n't open for the first 45 minutes because of order imbalances that brokers blame on a wave of sell orders from small investors .
The Continental markets alone contribute about 14.3 % of estimated world market capitalization of $ 9.671 trillion .
The federal agency said that in the year through Oct. 21 production totaled 12,573,758 tons , up 7.1 % from 11,742,368 tons .
The company said it is n't making a commitment to purchase a specific number of shares .
The recent appearance of aflatoxin in such foods as corn and peanut butter has sparked public concern and consumer scrutiny of food handling and storage procedures .
Mr. Tyszkiewicz said the charter would put poorer EC countries such as Spain , Greece and Portugal at a disadvantage .
But the Unice official said that producing a charter acceptable to both Britain and European industry is n't an unattainable goal .
A year ago , when almost nothing was happening amid these desolate dunes , `` you 'd spend two days working and two days in the yard , '' he recalls .
But it is high enough to prod the search for future supplies , low enough to promote consumption and , most important , steady enough for both producers and users to believe in .
A recession or new OPEC blowup could put oil markets right back in the soup .
Drilling activity is still far below eight years ago , there 's no hiring surge and some companies continue to shrink .
`` Management does n't want surprises , '' notes Jack Zaves , who , as fuel-services director at American Airlines , buys some 2.4 billion gallons of jet fuel a year .
The catalyst for all this has been OPEC .
At its November meeting , it will try to revise its quotas to satisfy Persian Gulf members that can produce far more oil than their allotments .
Oil ministers now hope to solve the issue for good through an Iranian proposal that gives a larger share of output to countries with surplus capacity and reduces the shares of those that ca n't produce more anyway .
Early , president of Amoco Corp. 's oil-production unit , says that despite recent stability , he plans continued tightening of costs and exploration spending .
Still , there is money to be made .
Wall Street generally likes the industry again .
They 're so busy , '' says one Santa Fe drilling foreman here .
For most field workers , it 's about time .
Mr. Ramirez , who arrived late at the Sharpshooter with his crew because he had started early in the morning setting up tanks at another site , just got the first raise he can remember in eight years , to $ 8.50 an hour from $ 8 .
Only 14,505 wells , including 4,900 dry holes , were drilled for oil and natural gas in the U.S. in the first nine months of the year , down 22.4 % from the like 1988 period .
He started Arrow Roustabouts Inc. a year ago with a loan from a friend , since repaid , and now employs 15 .
`` I want to add one more truck , '' Mr. Huber says .
Each defendant faces a possible sentence of 20 years in prison and $ 250,000 in fines .
In contrast , an investor holding the Dow Jones portfolio over the year would have accumulated only $ 127,446 .
I believe the risk for each individual stock selected by your pros is very large .
A four-stock portfolio is still exposed to a great deal of unnecessary risk .
Lubbock , Texas
Your Investment Dartboard article misses the target .
Agents say airlines , which track ticket numbers of all stolen tickets , should be doing more to catch the thieves by confiscating the tickets when they 're used .
CONSUMER advocates have long claimed that car rental companies charge too much for car rental insurance .
'' But Hertz points out that at least it 's now charging only $ 3.95 a day in Texas , while some competitors are charging $ 6.99 .
IF YOUR FLIGHT attendant seems a little weary , it may be because he or she has been working 20 straight hours .
Odds and Ends
Why do you continually ignore the salubrious effects of indexing the basis of capital gains for inflation ?
Under current law , it is not financially rational to forgo consumption .
He succeeds Alfred O.P. Leubert , 66 , who continues as chairman and chief executive officer .
Under the initial proposal , for example , banks would have been required to disclose that portion of allowances for loan losses that reflects specific letters of credit for which customers had defaulted .
It will require companies to spell out in more detail collateral polices and concentrations of credit risk for all financial instruments .
The thrift announced the plan Aug. 21 .
The bank also said its effort would continue past the Nov. 1 deadline set in that agreement and that the litigation between the two sides might resume as a result .
Joe Frank Sanderson Jr. was elected president and chief executive officer of this poultry producer .
Kinder-Care Inc. was dropped from the consumer services industry group of the Dow Jones Equity Market index because the company split itself in a restructuring .
Both moves are effective today .
`` Obviously , there are quantitative limitations on the assistance we can provide , '' concedes Baron David de Rothschild , `` but we feel we have some cards to play .
A stock-index future is a contract to buy or sell the market value of a basket of stocks , such as the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index .
Despite the current outcry over stock market volatility , few people expect stock futures to disappear .
By contrast , average dollar volume on the Big Board last year was $ 5.3 billion .
`` That gives futures traders a lot more power .
'' He would n't specify what it was .
The Conservatives do n't dare jeopardize marginal Tory seats in Coventry , where Jaguar has headquarters , nor can the government easily back down on promised protection for a privatized company while it proceeds with controversial plans to privatize most of Britain 's water and electricity industries .
Earnings per share were 10.35 kronor compared with 5.80 kronor .
Mr. Redford no longer stands out as an extremist .
Boulder , Colo .
When President Bush travels to Costa Rica today , he 'll go with little of the fanfare that accompanies many of his foreign travels .
Almost half ( 49.8 % ) reported suffering `` mental abuse '' from coaches , and almost one-quarter ( 24.8 % ) said they had been pressured to ignore injuries .
-- `` The pressure put on us to win at all times has resulted in physical violence , such as punching and slapping by coaches .
-- `` Playing intercollegiate sports does n't give you a lot of time to spend with others .
There is no recovery period -- it 's go , go , go .
-- `` Physical exhaustion and depression are common in my life and in some of my teammates ' lives '' . -- Football player , class unspecified .
They want late-night shuttles to the biology labs .
Some people may think of nerds as calculator-toting , socially awkward individuals with shirt-pocket liners for their pencils and a preoccupation with computers and matters numerical .
Dime Savings Bank of New York was cleared by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. to acquire Starpointe Savings Bank of Somerset , N.J. , the banks said .
So the scramble is on for lighter crudes globally , and for natural gas in the U.S .
But the push for cleaner fuels is increasing the attractiveness of natural gas .
While many solutions to the nation 's economic troubles are being discussed , the blueprint is attracting widespread attention here because of its comprehensiveness and presumed high-level authorship .
`` It 's clearly a manifesto for the next stage of perestroika , '' said one analyst .
As policy-makers draw up proposals for the next five-year plan , which starts in 1991 , the blueprint represents a powerful first shot in what is likely to be a fierce battle over economic reform .
-- LABOR .
I 'll admit there 's nothing wrong
-- Joshua Adams .
Do n't worry ; people will learn to read as long as there are TV program listings .
Mr. Engelken , now a transit-association executive in Washington , D.C. , and Mr. Thomson , a paper-products salesman in Montvale , N.J. , had n't even talked to each other .
But one recent day , they became much closer .
But his is a story about a hero in an era of sports anti-heroes , and about what Babe Ruth , Mr. Engelken reminds us , once called `` the only real game in the world .
`` Thomson took a called strike , '' Mr. Engelken recounts .
Mr. Engelken turned off the motor and rolled down the window .
The two men spent an hour at Exit 10 , rehashing the event , `` fulfilling the lifelong dream of a young boy now turned 50 , '' Mr. Engelken says .
`` Take heart , sports fans , '' he wrote .
When that agreement expires , Torstar will be free to increase its 22.4 % stake in Southam , or to make an offer for the whole company .
Southam said the level of future investment required by the paper would have restricted its options in other areas .
Southam agreed to sell its 47 % stake in Selkirk Communications Ltd. , a broadcasting concern , to Maclean Hunter Ltd. for about C$ 285 million last year .
Norton Co. said net income for the third quarter fell 6 % to $ 20.6 million , or 98 cents a share , from $ 22 million , or $ 1.03 a share .
Norton had operating profit of $ 76.8 million , or $ 3.66 a share , up 11 % from $ 69.5 million , or $ 3.31 a share .
Sales rose 8 % to $ 1.15 billion from $ 1.06 billion .
The result is that those rich enough to own any real estate at all have boosted their holdings substantially .
The government defines excessive profits as those above the average realized for other similar-sized properties in an area .
Under those amendments , which took effect in March of this year , the federal government can intervene in private housing-discrimination lawsuits .
The ordinance , in Moon Township , prohibits locating a group home for the handicapped within a mile of another such facility .
The military has also captured enormous arsenals of powerful and sophisticated weapons , explosives and other war-like materiel .
`` A lot of people think I will give away the store , but I can assure you I will not , '' he says .
Rather than scaring off white voters , as many predicted he would , Mr. Dinkins attracted many whites precisely because of his reputation for having a cool head .
But even in his front-runner campaign , he has shown signs of the indecisiveness and confusion that some say has plagued his tenure as Manhattan borough president -- and might hinder him as mayor .
Mr. Dinkins 's campaign manager and former chief of staff , Bill Lynch , denies that the Manhattan borough president has taken too long to decide important issues .
When he later sided with striking hospital workers , some allies cringed a little more , concerned that Mr. Dinkins was setting the wrong tone for coming contract negotiations with city employees .
Mr. Dinkins 's inner circle of advisers appears to include both ideologues and pragmatists , leaving voters with little clue as to who will be more influential .
As a first-time candidate , he has been slow to learn the nuances of New York City politicking .
`` In the end , I think David will be judged for being David .
A side porch was ripped away .
The remainder of the house leans precariously against a sturdy oak tree .
While she works inside , a tenant returns with several friends to collect furniture and clothing .
The owners , William and Margie Hammack , are luckier than many others .
Ms. Johnson , who works out of Aetna 's office in Walnut Creek , an East Bay suburb , is awed by the earthquake 's destructive force .
For Aetna and other insurers , the San Francisco earthquake hit when resources in the field already were stretched .
Because of the difficulty of assessing the damages caused by the earthquake , Aetna pulled together a team of its most experienced claims adjusters from around the country .
For example , officials at Walnut Creek office learned that the Amfac Hotel near the San Francisco airport , which is insured by Aetna , was badly damaged when they saw it on network television news .
She spent a month at an Aetna school in Gettysburg , Pa. , learning all about the construction trade , including masonry , plumbing and electrical wiring .
`` I owe that contractor .
`` And you did n't want me to buy earthquake insurance , '' says Mrs. Hammack , reaching across the table and gently tapping his hand .
`` We worry about her out there , '' Cynthia says .
'' She has n't played any music since the earthquake hit , out of respect for those who died on Interstate 880 where the roadway collapsed .
`` It means that Sikes is serious about the deregulation of long distance , '' said Jack Grubman , a telecommunications analyst at PaineWebber Inc. , who attended the FCC meeting .
AT&T applauded the FCC 's actions .
`` The time is long overdue to take a look at the fierce competition in the long-distance business and the rules governing it , '' the New York telecommunications firm said in a statement .
Earlier this month , MCI sued AT&T in federal district court , claiming that AT&T 's ads are false .
AT&T assembled three of its top executives in Washington , all visibly angry , to try to refute MCI 's charges .
Billions of investors ' dollars are pouring out of the nation 's junk-bond mutual funds , undermining a pillar of support in the already reeling junk market .
Mutual fund groups have n't lost control of much of the outgoing money , says Louis Harvey , Dalbar 's president .
The $ 1.5 billion Fidelity High Income Fund has had a net outflow of about $ 150 million in the past two months .
About $ 60 million streamed out last week alone , double the level of the week following last month 's Campeau Corp. credit squeeze .
The fund , with a cash cushion of more than 10 % , has `` met all the redemptions without having to sell one thing , '' Mr. Litvack says .
The pound also dropped precipitously against the mark , falling below the key 2.90-mark level to 2.8956 marks from 2.9622 marks late Wednesday .
Everyone was extremely long on sterling , '' Mr. Beale said .
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery rose $ 3.40 to $ 372.50 an ounce in heavy trading .
Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated , shelf offering of $ 200 million of debt securities , via Salomon Brothers Inc. and Goldman , Sachs & Co .
`` I agree , it 's ridiculous , '' says Mr. Boren , and indeed by now ridiculous may be the only way to describe how the U.S. decides to take -- or rather , not to take -- covert action .
So the administration dropped it .
`` In the aftermath of Vietnam , in the aftermath of Iran-Contra , I can understand some people might think that if they plan a coup , they have to bring their lawyers , '' he says .
Maybe the problem is a political system that wo n't act without an `` exchange of letters , '' that insists on running foreign policy by committee , that treats a president as just another guy at the table .
How difficult it is for a thinking person to live among societies rooted in the past .
State loan guarantees are rarely a source of controversy .
However , some bankers cited possible parallels between the Waertsilae Marine case and the collapse of Norway 's state-owned Kongsberg Vappenfabrikk AS two years ago .
Doubts about the quality of state credit guarantees could reduce the competitive strength of Finnish companies in world markets where financing often is the key to winning orders , analysts warn .
The government spent most of last year attempting to carry out such a plan but was thwarted when the parent Waertsilae concern pulled out at the last minute .
Indeed , the potential losses make any rescue scheme unlikely unless the politicians once again change tack and agree to pick up the bill , analysts said .
A Turner spokesman would n't speculate on the extent of the charge 's effect on the quarter 's earnings , but said the company continues to expect to report a net loss for 1989 .
In addition , the company called its 12 7|8 % senior subordinated notes due 1994 , with an aggregate principal amount of $ 200 million , for redemption on Dec. 15 .
LIT Holdings shares plummeted 36 pence to close at 54 pence ( 85 cents ) , a 40 % drop , on London 's stock exchange .
`` A lot more of our customers are staying until our 10 p.m. closing time , '' says Christopher Brown , managing director of Corney & Barrow Restaurants Ltd. , which runs five tony wine bars in the district .
The industry , which currently employs about 25,000 people in London , has shed about 2,500 jobs over the past two years .
Last summer , he chucked his 10-year career as a London stockbroker and headed for the mountains .
The issue has come to a boil in Newark , N.J. , where federal prosecutors have warned lawyers for Eddie Antar that if the founder and former chairman of Crazy Eddie Inc. is indicted , the government may move to seize the money that Mr. Antar is using to pay legal fees .
As the market tumbled , disorderly market conditions prevailed : The margins between buying bids and selling bids widened ; trading in many stocks was suspended ; orders took unduly long to be executed ; and many specialists stopped trading altogether .
The situation was like that of a skier who is thrown slightly off balance by an unexpected bump on the slope .
Instead , an appropriate institution should be charged with the job of preventing chaos in the market : the Federal Reserve .
Daily trading volume in the New York foreign exchange market is $ 130 billion .
The daily volume for Treasury Securities is about $ 110 billion .
The Fed would eliminate the cause of the potential panic rather than attempting to treat the symptom -- the liquidity of the banks .
'' But this could be a case where we all might go broke if it is n't fixed .
This is adapted from a speech to the Commonwealth Club in San Francisco .
His remarks were distributed to the press before Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson announced his resignation last evening .
Bank of England officials said the central bank had no comment on Mr. Lawson 's resignation .
Most of Compaq 's decline is being attributed to a third-quarter earnings report that came in at the low end of analysts ' expectations .
What 's more , the bugs only emerge on esoteric applications such as computer-aided design and scientific calculations , he said , and then very seldom .
The problem is being ballyhooed , experts say , because the 486 is Intel 's future flagship .
Unveiled last April , the chip crams 1.2 million transistors on a sliver of silicon , more than four times as many as on Intel 's earlier model , 80386 .
`` It 's going to be the leading edge technology in personal computers for the next few years .
Andy Zipser in Dallas contributed to this article .
`` We think it 's a step in the right direction for Bethlehem , '' said Felix Bello , WEFA Group 's international steel analyst .
He said the move could be the beginning of a broader relationship between the two companies , one that could open up new markets for Bethlehem .
Now , we regard this as a largely phony issue , but the `` long term '' is nonetheless a big salon topic all around the Beltway .
I believe we have to take a shot at getting as much done as we can through the court , through Justice and through state and federal regulatory agencies .
Meanwhile , Dallas welcomed the move .
Owners of the building in New York say they will be asking $ 50 per square foot for rent to fill the space that Exxon is vacating .
Canadian production of market pulp rose 1 % in September from a year earlier as the industry operated at 87 % of capacity .
The price also includes assumption of about $ 1.4 billion in debt .
A group including several members of the the Bass family of Texas urged the company to take some steps to maximize shareholder value .
It received more offers , but the auction was surprisingly won by IMA , which bid $ 28 a share and asked Mr. Gilleland to stay on as an equity participant .
But Mr. Brady argued that the SEC is closer to the markets and in a better position to understand when the exchanges are under such stress that they should be closed .
Margins are the amount of money an investor needs to put up to buy or sell a futures contract .
'' Before taking any action , he advised the panel to `` see what the market has produced as a cure .
That bill , proposed by the SEC last year , would require brokerage firms to disclose the financial positions of their holding companies , mandate large traders ' reporting of program or block trades , and improve clearing and settlement of trades between the futures and stock markets .
Many aspects of the bill are salutary , providing appropriate public safeguards that can and should be instituted throughout the industry .
Other provisions have a more subtle , but nonetheless real and detrimental effect on the international position of U.S. exchanges .
On the hungry streets of Naguib Mahfouz 's Cairo , life is nasty , brutish and wickedly entertaining .
`` I am the hope and the dream , the redemption of cowards , '' he says in one of many interior monologues .
Cars ca n't move because of overflowing sewers .
Norwood Partners Limited Partnership of Boston said it may make a tender offer for some or all of Phoenix Technologies Ltd. 's common shares .
Also involved in the group is Robert F. Angelo , formerly Phoenix 's senior vice president , field operations , who left Phoenix at the beginning of October .
Jack Kemp wants to abolish it .
Instead , Congress 's idea of reform is to increase this slush fund by $ 28.4 million .
They are often closed to the public and no minutes are taken .
In this case , the Members outdid themselves .
-- $ 400,000 for a collapsing utility tunnel in Salisbury ,
Our international efforts were far greater than ever before .
These efforts wind up creating a market where the price vastly exceeds the cost .
If I am catching your attention , then read a bold and informative article in this September 's issue of Science by Ethan Nadelmann on this subject .
Sometimes at a reception or cocktail party I advance these views and people head for somebody else .
They do n't even want to talk to you .
I know that I 'm shouting into the breeze here as far as what we 're doing now .
No politician wants to say what I just said , not for a minute .
Personal spending , buoyed by a burst of automobile buying , was the main catalyst to the economy 's expansion .
An inflation gauge that measures the quarterly change in prices of an array of goods and services slowed its growth to a 2.9 % annual rate in the third quarter from 5 % in the second .
`` That suggests there is a little more inventory overhang than some people expected , '' said Edward Boss , senior financial economist at Continental Bank in Chicago .
Canada 's largest department store operator said the rights offering will entitle holders of its ordinary shares , except residents in the U.S. and Britain , to subscribe for two additional shares for every five shares held at a price of C$ 31.25 a share .
At as little as one-third of the government 's cost , the company is running a program to train Army helicopter pilots .
Donald Iverson , chairman , says he hopes the company can eventually get up to half of its revenue from commercial markets .
A partnership with a Williamsburg , Va. , unit of Shell Oil Co. recently patented a process for producing plastic food containers that wo n't melt in microwave ovens .
Following a tripling of earnings , to $ 3.9 million , on a doubling of revenue , to $ 116 million , over four years , earnings in the company 's fiscal first quarter , which ended June 30 , plunged 90 % to $ 45,000 .
`` I would n't say we 're out of the business .
`` People have a different reputation country by country .
Many of these financiers lend freely , often without demanding collateral .
'' In describing that business in general , he says that when the client ca n't repay the loan , some machikin `` clutch on like hyenas '' and even take over the client 's company .
`` We 're an investor , '' Mr. Morishita says , sitting back in his purple gallery filled with some 20 Monets and Renoirs .
In 30 years of collecting impressionist and Japanese paintings , he has acquired 600 items , he says , enough to persuade him to start a museum next year .
The small , wiry Mr. Morishita comes across as an outspoken man of the world .
Not many people know the details of Mr. Morishita 's business , but it 's a source of rumors about shady dealings .
`` I quit after one try , whether I win or lose , '' he says .
Unions covered by one or other provisions generally settled for lower percentage wage increases .
`` Batibot , '' which started in 1983 as a hybrid of the U.S. program `` Sesame Street , '' has developed into a distinctly Philippine effort .
`` It impresses on ordinary , young Filipinos that there 's nothing to feel inferior about in using their own language , '' says Randy David , a sociologist and host of a popular television talk show .
Resistance to a national language comes primarily from members of the country 's elite , who generally prefer English .
There 's also resentment .
( There are seven major languages and more than 70 dialects in the country .
HEALTHDYNE Inc. , Atlanta , said its subsidiary , Home Nutritional Services Inc. , registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission an initial public offering of four million shares of common .
Home Nutritional currently has 10 million shares outstanding .
It will have 11.8 million shares outstanding after the offering , with Healthdyne owning about 65 % of the total .
Bostic is one of the previously unnamed units , and the first of the five to be sold .
Dick Darman , call your office .
If holders avoid tendering to Paribas , he added , they can expect strong dividends again next year .
Mr. Fournier also noted that Navigation Mixte joined Paribas 's core of shareholders when Paribas was denationalized in 1987 , and said it now holds just under 5 % of Paribas 's shares .
Paribas is Allianz 's lead French bank .
The zero-coupon subordinated notes have no periodic interest payments .
The 1986 Tax Reform Act has nearly eliminated the number of large , profitable corporations that do n't pay federal income tax , according to Citizens for Tax Justice , a nonprofit , labor-funded research and lobbying group .
In a study of 250 of the nation 's richest companies , the group found that only seven managed to avoid paying federal income taxes last year compared with 40 in 1986 , the last year the old tax rules were in effect , and 16 in 1987 , when some of the new tax provisions went into effect .
But even though companies are paying more taxes , many are still paying less than the statutory rate , the report said .
And 45 companies paid effective tax rates of below 10 % of their income .
In search of buyers for upscale department-store chains such as Bloomingdale 's and Saks Fifth Avenue , investment bankers are turning to -- who else ?
Still , for those with a long-term eye on the vast U.S. retail market , this is a tempting time to look for bargains .
Paying off that debt put such a squeeze on Campeau and its stores that Federated decided to sell off the jewels of its retailing empire , including Bloomingdale 's .
Up until now , most stores have followed the same basic overseas strategy : First they set up overseas merchandising offices to import items and track new fashion trends .
Company officials say they are studying various proposals but wo n't discuss details .
Compiled by William Mathewson
The Vatican was in the red last year .
But it said extraordinary expenditures for its radio station and restoration of buildings increased the deficit to $ 57.2 million .
Former President Richard Nixon is to visit China at the invitation of the government beginning Saturday , the Foreign Ministry announced .
There will be no sightseeing , no shopping and no social events .
But attendance is down from previous years .
Fair officials say that 21,000 guests visited during the first five days , a 10 % drop from the spring exhibition .
The bond market was unmoved by the economic statistics .
Declining issues on the Big Board outstripped gainers 1,141 to 406 .
Bond prices were barely higher .
The 249-166 roll call came as the chamber approved a compromise bill allocating $ 17.2 billion to the departments of State , Justice , and Commerce in fiscal 1990 and imposing increased fees on business interests making filings with the government .
`` The only way to reduce the costs is to say we do n't want to pay the bill , '' said Rep. Neal Smith ( D. , Iowa ) , who taunted President Bush 's party to back up his campaign promise of supporting the claims of $ 20,000 per individual .
The $ 17.2 billion total for the bill does n't include an estimated $ 1.2 billion in supplemental anti-drug funds approved by the House-Senate conference yesterday , and the rush of money is already provoking jealousy among states competing for assistance .
When a House-Senate conference on yesterday 's bill rescinded $ 11.8 million in unexpended funds for a Fort Worth , Texas , economic development project backed by former Speaker James Wright , Sen. Phil Gramm ( R. , Texas ) insisted last week that the money be preserved .
The measure includes $ 2 million secured by Mr. Rudman for a marine-research project at the University of New Hampshire , and Sen. Ernest Hollings ( D. , S.C .
The price war peaked in the third quarter as Big Three factory discounts climbed to more than $ 1,000 a vehicle , according to industry officials .
`` We all did what we had to do to stay within sight of them .
But the costly efforts did little to slow Japanese market gains , and domestic car sales have plunged 19 % since the Big Three ended many of their programs Sept. 30 .
If sales do n't pick up , the cuts will go deeper and incentives will sprout again .
As a result , fourth-quarter profit will come in below 1988 results , although the drop wo n't be as sharp as the 44 % third-quarter decline , he said .
The diversified operations helped GM build its cash reserves , exclusive of its financial subsidiary , to $ 5.5 billion as of Sept. 30 , a 22 % increase from a year earlier .
Under the circumstances , it wo n't be easy for GM to exceed its record 1988 fourth-quarter net of $ 1.4 billion , the spokesman acknowledged .
When , however , Claudio 's sister , Isabella , a novitiate in a convent , goes to Angelo to plead her brother 's case , the obdurate ruler immediately falls in love with her and , in a supreme act of hypocrisy , demands that Isabella yield up her virtue to him in exchange for her brother 's life .
`` I 'm not sure what 's going to happen , '' he said .
Democrats are holding up a vote on the amendment by threatening a filibuster , or extended debate .
`` The strategy is ` Let 's vote .
Brazil will get two loans amounting to $ 147 million for schools , roads and other projects in urban areas and to help finance agricultural research projects in the Amazon and northeastern regions of the country .
A further hit came from expenses connected with Quantum 's joint acquisition in August of Petrolane Inc. , a propane distributor .
If not , the company says it will pay 2 % stock dividends on a semiannual basis until its cash situation improves .
Every Nasdaq industry index was lower .
Intel confirmed the Compaq report , but said the problems are n't expected to affect most users , except in `` certain scientific applications .
In response to a similar lawsuit by MCI filed earlier , American Telephone & Telegraph sued its competitor for misleading advertising .
On Wednesday , Ford Motor said it had already bought 12.45 % of the British company 's shares and may bid for the rest .
The company also said it would n't make the semiannual interest payment on its $ 40 million of 7 % convertible subordinated debentures by the Nov. 1 due date or within the grace period .
Because of the mergers , the company had $ 750,000 in nonrecurring expenses in the latest quarter .
Anheuser-Busch slid 1|2 to 38 and led the Big Board 's list of most active issues as 4.3 million shares were traded .
Philip Morris fell 1 7|8 to 41 5|8 on 3.7 million shares , reflecting the possibility that Anheuser-Busch 's decision could have a negative impact on results at its Miller Brewing unit .
Security Pacific signed a letter of intent to acquire the company in a stock swap valued at $ 15 a share .
Britain 's Monopolies and Mergers Commission said the proposed # 395 million ( $ 637.7 million ) acquisition of Tootal Group PLC by Coats Viyella PLC , a U.K. textile manufacturer , could go ahead pending certain conditions .
At the same time , reporting requirements would be increased for farmers and others who use pesticides that have restricted uses .
The FCC proposed to fine KLUC-FM , in Las Vegas , $ 2,000 for playing the Prince song `` Erotic City '' on May 16 , 1988 , at 7:53 p.m. because the song is allegedly indecent .
Earlier , the agency set the decency line at midnight , but an appeals court rejected that time as too restrictive .
But the agency has n't given up .
McDonnell Douglas Corp. reported a 54 % drop in third-quarter net income , but its Douglas Aircraft Co. subsidiary appears to be fixing some of its problems .
The subsidiary posted a $ 3 million loss for the quarter , but that was after a one-time pretax gain of $ 25 million stemming from an insurance payment .
Losses on the program narrowed to $ 1 million in the latest quarter from $ 34 million in the second period .
Delta would n't comment on whether the moves were anti-takeover measures .
Burroughs Wellcome is a unit of Wellcome PLC , London .
In the National Mediation Board election , 709 pilots voted to support the union , out of a total electorate of 2,022 Federal Express aviators .
It said it filed an objection with the National Mediation Board , protesting `` improprieties '' in the vote .
But it seems many fewer than that actually voted for the union , probably because of fears that union rules would hurt them in their battle over seniority issues against the former Tiger pilots .
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.45 % six months .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Separately , the leadership of UAL 's machinists union met to discuss the possibility of proposing a recapitalization to UAL 's board .
Takeover stock traders and other investors , however , have been pushing for some form of recapitalization to regain the losses they suffered when the labor-management bid collapsed .
When Adolph Coors Co. announced the appointment of William Coors as president late Wednesday , Peter Coors was n't promoted -- at least not officially .
Price competition is about to become even more fierce .
Mr. Daly said that Mr. Guber had mentioned such an offer , and that he responded that `` I thought the idea was a bad one from his point of view , and I understand he dropped the idea shortly thereafter .
But Stuart Rabinowitz , Warner 's outside counsel , says Sony `` violates American business morality by secretly raiding major producers under exclusive contract to Warner .
Witnesses said the room in which California examiners were auditing Lincoln this past spring was bugged .
An aide to Sen. DeConcini said the phone call to a top California thrift regulator was `` informational .
The panel dropped a plan to require 48-hour notice of covert acts , and it voted to permit the CIA to use a contingency fund to launch covert acts .
Some gifts are better left unopened .
Such an investigation can cost as much as $ 50,000 .
`` We 're aware an owner might want to get rid of '' a hazardous site .
So far the organization has n't incurred any major liabilities .
But that 's no help in its current toxic-waste mess .
In its suit , Goodwill claims that Valspar , a paint and varnish maker based in Minneapolis , and Mr. Conant have n't met terms of the donation agreement or environmental regulations about property transfers .
Mr. Conant , however , is n't about to take back his gift .
His lawyer , Michael Quinn , says he does n't want the land back because its value has declined since it was donated due to vandalism or poor maintenance .
`` We have empathy for the unfortunate situation Goodwill is in , but that does n't mean a legal obligation attaches to it , '' says Leo G. Stern , a lawyer for Valspar .
It has already spent more than $ 50,000 on security guards and fences at the site .
Some charity officials now say Congress should exempt nonprofit organizations that receive land donations from any cleanup liability .
A copy was n't immediately available .
As part of the arrangement , the document contends , Northrop was asked to invest in the Sofitel Seoul , `` a high-class hotel '' that was to be built on the site of a Dong Yang Express garage .
In May 1984 , the document asserts , Northrop officials met with Mr. Park -- known best to Americans as C.K. Park -- and allegedly asked him to `` perform promotional activities '' for the F-20 .
The idea , the filing alleges , was to be able to transfer to Dong Yang Express $ 3.5 million in termination fees .
Of the remainder , the filing maintains , $ 1,750,000 could be chalked up to expenses and $ 1 million was available through a Park bank account .
'' The first allegedly was a Dong Yang Express middleman , who told James Dorsey , a Honolulu-based Northrop marketing executive , that he would `` publish all the facts concerning Northrop 's efforts to sell the F-20 to the Korean government , '' the document says .
In early 1987 , the arbitration filing asserts , Mr. Shin , the Northrop consultant , demanded $ 2 million to remain silent .
If it does , the operation would be one of the largest foreign purchases of a U.K merchant bank .
It said Deutsche Bank is the largest other holding it knows of .
`` We 're acting like we 're not an LBO company , '' said a beaming Louis Gerstner Jr. , RJR 's chairman and chief executive officer .
Yesterday , prices of RJR 's high-yield junk bonds fell on rumors of problems with the Del Monte deal .
`` Everything had gone well until the junk market went into disarray , '' said David Goldman , an analyst with Nomura Securities International Inc .
The tobacco business does have some long-term problems .
RJR operating income from food soared 31 % in the six months , paced by 40 % growth at its Nabisco Brands unit .
The unit 's Teddy Grahams snack food has surged to become the industry 's third-selling cookie in less than a year on the market , behind Nabisco 's own Oreos and Chips Ahoy !
'' Last month , Nabisco brought out a dozen more new products .
But it could erode the deal 's profitability .
The Italian chemicals company did n't provide year-earlier figures because it was formed on Jan. 1 as a joint venture between Montedison S.p .
ICI said its nine-month profit after tax , or net profit attributable to shareholders , rose 18 % to # 744 million from # 632 million in the year-earlier period .
In May , the Post said it would scratch all supplements in the Sunday edition , including USA Weekend magazine , and cut the $ 1 price to 40 cents .
Separately , the Dutch electronics group announced it will spin off about 20 % of its PolyGram BV recording subsidiary in an international stock offering .
At that time , however , the company balked at a retail recall , arguing that the evidence was n't sufficient to justify such a move .
The annual underlying average increase in wages is currently running at about 8.75 % , and overall inflation at about 7.6 % .
Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher urged companies not to give in to demands that would aggravate inflation .
They recently rejected Vauxhall Motors Ltd. 's offer of a 9.1 % raise , made as part of a two-year package .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 39.55 points to close at 2613.73 .
In the junk bond market , most prices were unchanged to slightly lower .
RJR bonds closed one to two points lower , or off between $ 10 to $ 20 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
It followed a $ 223 million sell list handled by Chemical Securities Inc. Wednesday and at least three other lists in that size range within the past two weeks .
Much of the Refcorp issue was purchased by four large securities firms that had planned to repackage the bonds .
Dealers said the 10 1|2 % securities rose in response to a $ 500 million purchase by a bank for its mortgage portfolio .
British government bonds rose for the fourth consecutive day , buoyed by a firm pound and further weakness in British stocks .
The RTC can then close the thrift institution and sell it whole or in parts .
Jerome Kowalski , a partner with Parker Chapin Flattau & Klimpl who has clients in situations similar to Deltacorp , says lawyers would be `` foolish not to tell clients to follow '' the Deltacorp strategy .
Coudert Brothers , a New York law firm , and Arnold & Porter and Heron , Burchette , Ruckert & Rothwell , both in Washington , D.C. , have had lawyers in the Soviet Union under the auspices of companies ' trade offices or in unofficial capacities .
Fifteen joint ventures have already signed on as clients , according to Robert W. Cox , chairman of the firm .
The suit also alleges Amvest created a character called the Happy Hampster which it is trying to pass off as a Disney character .
Child care could be an especially tough fight ; after Bush 's veto of abortion funding for rape and incest victims , anti-abortion lawmakers feel extra pressure to show attention to women 's concerns .
Pentagon brass worry it could mean sharp cutbacks in training , acquisition of spare parts and weapons development .
ORGAN-TRANSPLANT DOCTORS worry at HHS moves to assert control over the transplant system , currently overseen by a nonprofit group under federal contract .
An industry analyst , Robert B. Morris III in Goldman , Sachs & Co. 's San Francisco office , said the value of the operations is n't clear because AT&T has n't disclosed their book value or earnings .
AT&T Nassau said the operations on the block are no longer `` strategic to the core business '' of the company , which is telecommunications .
Program trading is almost like sitting on a calm beach and have a tidal wave hit you .
Kidder is the most active index arbitrager on the Big Board so far this year , trading about two million shares a day in the strategy .
Richard Grasso , Big Board president , said `` it 's too early to reflect on the comments '' made this week by Kemper and the other program-bashing firms .
The 30-share index fell 31.4 points to close at 1720.5 .
ICI 's paint operations are heavily involved in the U.S .
Those concerns were fortified by Wall Street 's continued slide , with the Dow Jones Industrial Average down 35.25 points at 2618.03 when London closed .
Taisho Marine & Fire was up 80 at 1,620 , and Tokio Marine & Fire advanced 40 to 2,230 .
The disclosure late Wednesday came as Deutsche Bank announced the issue of 1.2 million new shares for placement in the Tokyo market .
Elsewhere , share prices closed higher in Zurich , lower in Paris , Brussels , Milan and Amsterdam , and mixed in Stockholm .
The percentage change is since year-end .
Paramount Pictures is a unit of Paramount Communications Inc .
Brunswick said a 28 % decline in its marine sales during the quarter reflected the continued industrywide decline in domestic retail sales of marine products .
The company said the charge , which amounts to $ 79.2 million after taxes , reflects the write-off of certain assets and the estimated costs associated with the reorganization .
The New York office is just one of many Ogilvy outposts , plenty of which are performing well .
With about $ 800 million in billings , it 's bigger than most entire agencies .
Ogilvy last spring hired Michael Lesser , 47 , from Lowe Marschalk to head up the New York operations , but Mr. Lesser has n't had a strong creative leader to work with him .
Mr. Hamilton , after all , presided over -- among other things -- the weird U.B.U. Reebok campaign while at Chiat|Day .
'' He added , `` A certain amount of chaos is very good in agencies .
Mr. Hamilton also said he might also bring over some Chiat|Day veterans , though from non-New York offices .
A Kraft General Foods spokesman said Margeotes has been given an assignment to do `` some development work on a venture project .
Executives estimated that account is worth about $ 6 million .
The account had been handled by McCann-Erickson .
In New York Mercantile Exchange trading yesterday , many who had been counting on dips in the mercury started liquidating heating oil .
Petroleum futures prices had been caught in a tug-of-war , pulled in one direction by continuing strong demand and in the opposite direction by continuing high output from the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries .
West Texas Intermediate , the U.S. benchmark crude , fell 24 cents a barrel to close at $ 19.38 a barrel for December delivery .
Only gasoline managed to escape the slide that dominated other petroleum futures trading .
December gold climbed above the critical $ 375-an-ounce level to settle at $ 375.40 , up $ 3.10 .
December silver added 7.7 cents to close at $ 5.237 an ounce .
Mr. Cardillo noted that the drop in the British pound following Mr. Lawson 's resignation fueled the metals ' rally as investors sought a safe haven .
The two countries are major producers of precious metals .
The contract 's low point yesterday , $ 956 , was both a life-of-contract low and a 14-year low price for cocoa .
Mr. Ruiz said that the producers of cocoa have no choice but to sell their stocks because of their need for hard currencies .
Alliance Capital Management , a unit of Equitable Life Assurance Society , has sold at least 927,000 shares this year .
Also bullish is Remy Fisher , a vice president with J.W. Seligman & Co. , a New York money-management firm that has been increasing its Chemical Waste shareholdings .
Nevertheless , some analysts expect Chemical Waste 's torrid growth to slow a bit .
Costa Rica is one of several debtor countries trying to buy back some of their loans under a U.S. initiative named after Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady .
People involved in the negotiations said the accord will reduce Costa Rica 's foreign debt principal by more than 60 % .
Assets of the nation 's 476 money market funds rose $ 1.26 billion to $ 357.49 billion in the week ended Wednesday .
In Moscow , leading progressives have drafted a blueprint designed to push the nation closer to a free-market system .
In a letter to Prime Minister Thatcher , the chancellor of the exchequer said he was leaving his cabinet post because `` the successful conduct of economic policy '' was n't possible so long as Sir Alan Walters remained as her economic adviser .
San Francisco Bay area officials urged residents of tent cities in the agricultural community of Watsonville to move to shelters , expressing concern over health and safety dangers from unrefrigerated food and open cooking fires .
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history .
Overbuilding , inflation , high interest and materials costs , mortgage defaults and some questionable lending practices combined to hurt REITs .
In their heyday , after their debut with federal blessing in 1960 as a spur for real-estate investments , they were popular because they had tax-free status if they paid 90 % ( currently 95 % ) of their profits to shareholders .
The cosmetics , jewelry and gift products concern had per-share earnings of 46 cents in the latest quarter .
Sales rose 8 % to $ 785.1 million from $ 725.6 million .
France 's Banque Indosuez surprised London markets by moving to become the dominant shareholder in merchant bank Morgan Grenfell .
And brokers were bracing for a grueling Friday in financial markets here .
Neil Kinnock , Labor Party leader , dubbed the 46-year-old Mr. Major a `` lap dog '' unlikely to veer from his boss 's strongly held views , as Mr. Lawson sometimes did .
In his letter to Mrs. Thatcher , Mr. Lawson stated : `` The successful conduct of economic policy is possible only if there is , and is seen to be , full agreement between the prime minister and chancellor of the exchequer .
Mr. Lawson carefully watched exchange rates and stood ready to increase U.K. interest rates when the pound slid too sharply against the dollar or the mark .
Last summer , when the skirmishing became obvious , Smith Barney 's Mr. Horne said that the antipathies were `` adding confusion to an already murky situation '' in which sterling was becoming an increasingly volatile currency .
Craig Forman and Richard E. Rustin contributed to this article .
One of the brokers in question was one of Mr. Monieson 's best friends .
Messrs. Melamed , Salzman and Wilmouth came to their friend 's aid despite the fact that the Merc and the National Futures Association brought similar failure-to-supervise charges against GNP , though not against Mr. Monieson personally .
`` The problem with self-regulation is always that the regulators are tinged with self-interest , '' says David Ruder , the just-departed chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission .
`` The CFTC was looking for something high-profile , '' he says .
The Banque Indosuez deal fell through .
Mr. Monieson , 53 years old , wears the expensive clothes of a successful trader but his mannerisms are more those of a preoccupied math professor .
And because many customers wo n't participate , such as people who drive through , it is likely that less than 2 % of the company 's plastic containers will be recycled under the program .
Among other things , the groups have urged consumers to mail used McDonald 's plastic containers to its Oak Brook , Ill. , headquarters .
The recycling program `` is laudable , '' he said , `` but why not use china plates ?
Democrats would give taxpayers an immediate incentive to sock away more savings : Save $ 2,000 , and you can deduct $ 1,000 on your tax return .
Addressing the nation 's savings shortage is once again politically fashionable .
The dearth of savings limits the resources available for investment in the future and forces the U.S. to import foreign savings .
Economist David Wise of Harvard University figures 70 % was actually new savings ; many prominent economists -- including Michael Boskin , chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers -- agree that IRAs did result in significant new savings .
On the other hand , the case for delayed gratification is bolstered by evidence that a surprising number of upper-income Americans still are putting money in IRAs even though the only tax break is deferring tax on the interest the contributions earn .
The Employee Benefit Research Institute says about 23 % of all workers earning more than $ 50,000 a year made IRA deposits in 1987 , down from 56 % in 1982 but still nearly one million people .
( A big IRA fan , Mr. Underwood 's license plate reads :
Merrill Lynch is convinced the Republican IRA plan would appeal to its customers , and it is lobbying strongly for it .
The claim is an echo of the supply-side promise that the 1981 tax cuts that bear Sen. Roth 's name would finance themselves through added growth or added savings .
Democrats want to use the debt-limit bill as a vehicle for enacting unrelated legislation that the administration opposes , and the administration is considering using the bill as a vehicle for a cut in the capital-gains tax .
Treasury officials said they decided to take their extraordinary action to make certain that Social Security recipients get their checks .
In his letter to congressional leaders , Treasury Secretary Brady called the move an `` extraordinary administrative action .
In Los Angeles , Farmers strongly defended its practices , saying its rating guidelines are `` fair and reasonable and in line with common industry practices .
Credit Lyonnais S.A. said it agreed to acquire slightly more than 50 % of Thomson-CSF Finance S.A. in an asset swap between the two French state-controlled groups .
The bank said it will acquire the stake in the finance unit of defense and electronics group Thomson-CSF S.A. in exchange for almost 14 % of its own capital .
No value was given for the transaction , which will create the sort of financial-industrial tandem common in West Germany and Japan .
The accord will strengthen Credit Lyonnais 's corporate financial affairs because of Thomson-CSF Finance 's expertise in using hedging and treasury-management products .
Thomson-CSF Finance posted profit of 1.8 billion francs ( $ 288.9 million ) in 1988 , an official said .
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days .
Resolution Funding , the government agency created to raise cash to bail out the troubled thrift industry , received bids totaling $ 13 billion for the so-called bailout bonds .
After dealers complained that potential buyers were concerned about debt repayment , the Treasury released a statement yesterday reiterating that timely payments were guaranteed by the government .
Several new issues hit the corporate market yesterday .
That 's why `` we have been working hard to develop a single , more unified presence in Europe , '' said A.J.C. Smith , Marsh & McLennan 's president , at a London news conference yesterday .
The price was n't disclosed .
Net for the nine months was $ 254 million , or $ 5.94 a share , up 56 % from $ 163 million , or $ 4.06 a share , a year earlier .
Net for the year-earlier nine months also included a gain of $ 9.7 million , or 15 cents a share , in the carrying value of the Conner investment .
`` Over the next couple of years we would not be surprised to see Europe and international { sales } represent 50 % of the company 's revenues , '' he said .
Mr. Kilpatrick will remain a director .
Given their own penchant for book writing , it is surprising that none of the masters of scandal survival have yet published a guide to the art .
He is also a recovering workaholic , relaxing with his family and creating topiary , or garden-shrub sculpture , a fashionable pursuit for which he developed a passion during his three-year legal ordeal .
Thus have Charles Colson and Jeb Magruder launched successful post-Watergate careers at the pulpit .
`` I 've surrendered to the circumstances , '' Mr. Fedders says .
The aspect of being a mega-lawyer is n't as important .
It did n't help when , in 1986 , she was charged ( and then cleared ) on allegations of public drunkenness .
Mrs. Burford remains bitter over the overwhelming legal expenses involved in clearing her name .
Even in the wake of Hurricane Hugo 750 people turned out in a remote Virginia town in September for a `` family tribute '' to Mr. North given by two dozen conservative members of Congress .
Former Rep. Fernand St Germain , brought down by the savings-and-loan crisis , now represents -- you guessed it -- savings-and-loans associations .
Raymond Donovan , the New Jersey construction executive who was forced to resign as labor secretary and indicted in 1985 , only to be acquitted of fraud charges , often calls other scandal-tossed public figures to offer a sympathetic ear .
Some Canadian political commentators have opposed Canada 's joining what they see as a U.S.-dominated organization .
For example , one of my favorite movies is the 1949 British comedy `` Kind Hearts and Coronets , '' in which the entire comedy is based on actor Dennis Price 's murdering eight titled relatives ( all played by Alec Guinness ) because they snubbed his mother and stand in the way of his acquiring the family title .
Further , I think Mr. Knight made a poor choice in picking `` A Fish Called Wanda '' as an example of the deplorable state of modern comedy movies .
I will be the first to agree that there is much to be found wrong with modern movie making .
The August rate was 0.6 percentage point lower than in the like month a year earlier , reflecting the pickup of activity in the 15 countries .
ALAMCO Inc. said its board has approved a 1-for-10 reverse stock split .
Duriron Co. said it has agreed to buy Automax Inc. , a Cincinnati maker of control accessories for industrial valves .
Inventories fell 0.3 % in August .
Du Pont Co. reported that third-quarter profit grew a robust 19 % from a year ago on the strength of the company 's operations in various chemicals and fibers , and in petroleum .
James Fallon , a New Providence , N.J. , marketing consultant to the chemicals industry , says Du Pont still holds an edge in making the pigment because the company was `` first in with the technology '' to lower costs .
A reintegrated Europe implies big changes in 40-year-old military and economic policies .
Any push for a Gorbachev vision of a `` common European home , '' implying the eventual dissolution of the EC , a Soviet-German partnership and the withdrawal of U.S. forces , `` would be a very , very serious problem , '' he says .
`` There seems to be a message from Moscow there 's a deal on offer , '' he says .
`` They want reassurance we wo n't try to undermine or destroy the Warsaw Pact ... .
H. Marshall Schwarz was named chairman and chief executive officer of U.S. Trust Corp. , a private-banking firm with assets under management of about $ 17 billion .
Mr. Schwarz , 52 years old , will succeed Daniel P. Davison Feb. 1 , soon after Mr. Davison reaches the company 's mandatory retirement age of 65 .
U.S. Trust also created a four-member office of the chairman , effective Feb. 1 .
James E. Bacon , 58 , executive vice president , who has directed the funds-service group , will retire .
Sun , a maker of computer workstations , reported sales of $ 538.5 million for the quarter ended Sept. 29 , up 39 % from $ 388.5 million a year earlier .
One of those new computers , called Sparcstation 1 , accounted for nearly half of the 28,000 systems Sun shipped in the quarter , he said .
Recently , analysts have said Sun also is vulnerable to competition from International Business Machines Corp. , which plans to introduce a group of workstations early next year , and Next Inc .
Quantum Fund , based in New York , is a $ 2.1 billion investment fund managed by Soros Fund Management .
'' Mr. Jiang also pledged that the Chinese Red Cross would publish `` very soon '' a list of those killed .
According to U.S. sources in Beijing , the administration hopes Mr. Deng 's fairly conciliatory comments will prod Congress to be cautious about further sanctions against Beijing .
A congressional staffer involved in drafting the sanctions says they are likely to mirror those Mr. Bush enacted shortly after the massacre .
The drug is being used primarily to treat anemias .
The patients began receiving EPO injections about a month before their scheduled surgery .
The EPO-treated patients donated an average of 5.4 units of blood each compared with only 4.1 units donated by a similar group of surgical patients who received a placebo injection .
Labor and business leaders , quoted at the White House Rose Garden rites , hailed its provisions for insuring corporate pension benefits .
So they opted for IRA , naming it after Ira Cohen , a brilliant IRS actuary who helped them .
This caused an explosion of IRA promotions by brokers , banks , mutual funds and others .
But for Soviet citizens who travel abroad for business or tourism , the rate will jump to 6.26 rubles to the dollar .
Western tourists in the Soviet Union who could exchange a dollar -- albeit illegally -- for about four rubles a year ago are now being offered 15 rubles or more .
Even a pack of 20 Western cigarettes can fetch 20 rubles or more .
The Kremlin also has been unwilling to provide hard currency for the auction , using a lot of it instead to finance emergency imports of consumer goods .
It is n't yet clear whether the 200-ruble limit will be lifted .
Kodak , based in Rochester , N.Y. , said IBM also had bid for the business .
Maybe the whole regional system is an anachronism ; the Fed , after all , is a national central bank .
Times have changed .
MCA and Cineplex 's other major shareholder , Montreal-based financier Charles Bronfman and his associates , have agreed to tender their holdings to an offer by Mr. Drabinsky unless a higher offer is made by another bidder .
The company hopes the new plant , likely to be built in Frankfurt , will be able to produce 10,000 tons a year .
All of the companies are units of Panhandle Eastern Corp. , which acquired Texas Eastern Corp. earlier this year .
The move , which was expected , marks the first time since Prohibition that Coors has sold a non-alcoholic beverage , and marks the company 's entry into a crowded , but fast-growing market that generated about $ 2.2 billion in sales last year .
The U.S. proposal also was criticized by food-importing developing countries , who said that the U.S. made no special allowances for poor nations .
Ambassador Katz said the U.S. was open to discussing particular problems of developing countries .
The U.S. argues that its plan would ease the transition to freer agriculture trade by converting certain non-tariff barriers into tariffs that , together with existing tariffs , then would be phased out over 10 years .
But the EC is strongly opposed to converting agricultural supports into tariffs .
The unit represents a small portion of Minneapolis-based Control Data 's overall computer-servicing business , which last year posted sales of about $ 400 million .
Lawrence Perlman , Control Data 's president and chief operating officer , said the maintenance business no longer fits into the company 's `` strategy to be a data solutions company .
Russell Miller 's `` Bare-Faced Messiah : The True Story of L. Ron Hubbard '' is a biography of the founder of the Church of Scientology .
But the proper remedy , Judge Leval said , lay in a suit for damages , not in an injunction .
This was too much for James Oakes , the court 's chief judge .
In a powerful separate opinion , Judge Oakes further distinguished the Salinger case by pointing out that a living person , like Mr. Salinger , had privacy rights that did not apply to a dead man , like Mr. Hubbard .
Moreover , and here Judge Oakes went to the heart of the question , `` Responsible biographers and historians constantly use primary sources , letters , diaries , and memoranda .
Now , scholars in fulfilling their responsibility do not claim the right to invade every collection of papers that bears upon their topics of investigation .
But in the `` Bare-Faced Messiah '' case the author found most of his material in court records or via the Freedom of Information Act .
And when responsible scholars gain legitimate access to unpublished materials , copyright should not be permitted to deny them use of quotations that help to establish historical points .
If an author quotes `` more than minimal amounts '' of unpublished copyrighted materials , as the Salinger decision had it , `` he deserves to be enjoined .
Ms. Malcolm , for example , wrote that Mr. Masson described himself as `` the greatest analyst who ever lived .
Hale Milgrim , 41 years old , senior vice president , marketing at Elecktra Entertainment Inc. , was named president of Capitol Records Inc. , a unit of this entertainment concern .
They speak volumes about the state of our society at a given moment .
His trials aroused public passions out of all proportion to the rather banal secrets he allegedly had passed to Soviet intelligence .
And so it seems to be with the case of Elizabeth Morgan , the Washington , D.C. , plastic surgeon jailed in a child custody case for refusing to reveal the whereabouts of her daughter .
Instead , it turns on the disputed and elusive facts of `` who did what to whom .
I suggest that three themes have come together in the strange case of Dr. Morgan .
A second theme is the undercurrent of social class and race in the public reaction to the Morgan case .
To ask those questions is to answer them .
NASA said General Dynamics will launch CRRES using an Atlas 1 rocket .
Corroon said it will announce a successor to Mr. Crane at a later date .
`` Arby 's is n't for sale , '' said Renee Mottram , senior vice president at DWG .
Stevric 's principals , Richard and Steven Buckley , said they led the acquisition group that acquired the Nathan 's Famous Inc. restaurant chain and subsequently served as the top officers of the company .
General Motors Corp. 's big defense and automotive electronics unit , GM Hughes Electronics , said net income fell 22 % in the third quarter , reflecting declining military spending and slumping GM vehicle production .
GM closed down $ 1.875 at $ 44.875 in New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday .
All of the bidders contemplate full payment including interest to secured creditors .
Other plans generally would n't pay unsecured creditors ' interest accrued since the filing .
Common shareholders would end up owning about 6.4 % of the combined company .
New England Electric values its offer at $ 2 billion and PS of New Hampshire values its reorganization plan at $ 2.2 billion .
As the stock market lurched into a 190-point free fall on Oct. 13 , Mr. Breeden found himself scurrying around the sixth floor of the SEC -- from his desk , where the New York Stock Exchange was on an open line , to his assistant 's office , where the Commodity Futures Trading Commission was connected , to a third room , where a computer monitored market moves .
It wo n't happen again .
The changes in the office layout illustrate Mr. Breeden 's stance as the nation 's top securities regulator .
But unlike Mr. Ruder , who during the 1987 crash damaged himself by saying rather offhandedly that the markets might be closed , Mr. Breeden is turning the market drop to his own advantage , using it to further his agenda for the SEC .
As a regulator charged with restoring investor confidence , Mr. Breeden avoided making market-jarring comments and worked to gather information critical to Wall Street and to other government agencies .
`` It was the plunge that did n't happen , '' he says .
The hottest displays were items that insulate passengers from bumps , potholes and other rigors of the road .
These `` active suspension systems '' electronically sense road conditions and adjust a car 's ride .
It is rumored to be bound for a new model in the luxury Acura line in the U.S. , but Honda officials would n't comment .
Mazda has the Bongo truck and , under its Autozam nameplate , a `` microvan '' called the Scrum .
Daihatsu also has the Fellow 90 , the Leeza Spider and the Hijet Dumbo .
The name is supposed to connote feminine grandeur , but in Japanese it means `` eyeglasses .
Mr. Jordan of GM , meanwhile , still criticizes Japanese styling .
It 's equally ridiculous not to provide a capital investment or retirement-savings tax incentive .
Mr. Ireland said current demand for used aircraft is strong , partly because surging orders for new aircraft have lengthened waiting lists .
Callum McCarthy , 45 , was named to the new post of deputy head of the corporate-finance division and a managing director .
Mr. Pimlott and Mr. McCarthy join Barclay 's from Kleinwort Benson Ltd. where they served as directors .
In responding to questions , Mr. Greenspan played down reports of tension between the Fed and the Treasury over exchange-rate policy .
Earlier this year , public television station WGBH in Boston fired Mr. Vila after a sponsor protested some of his numerous commercial endorsements .
His other agreements to promote products have expired .
'' He said his compensation under the Sears contract is `` a multimillion dollar deal .
Environmental groups have been calling for faster action on dangerous pesticides and may welcome part of the proposal .
-- Bar states from setting more stringent tolerance levels for a pesticide once the federal government has set a standard .
Financial markets took a midweek break from their recent wild gyrations with stock prices falling modestly , bond prices posting tiny gains and the dollar almost unchanged .
Traders said the stock market 's lurching moves have prompted many investors to head for the sidelines until it regains some semblance of stability .
And so our institutions of higher learning lurch from scandal to scandal on gridiron and basketball court , while the casualties mount .
Three new books make the point that one large price of the glittery college-sports show can be the integrity of the schools that stage it .
The man who brought the bribe to the Dallas school was Ron Meyer , a flashy sort who came in 1975 to rescue a woebegone program , Mr. Whitford writes .
Mr. Meyer 's personal style was illustrated by his pinning a $ 100 bill to a high-school bulletin board on which other coaches tacked their cards .
Under Massachusetts tax laws , corporations must pay 9.5 % of estimated profits resulting from business transactions in the state if the company conducts a variety of non-sales activities , including warranties , customer complaints and relations with independent dealerships .
V.H. Van Horn , National Convenience president and chief executive officer , said the move reflects the company 's realization that the industry 's poor performance stems from its failure to give customers what they want -- rather than from increasing competition from gasoline stations and 24-hour grocery stores .
Yesterday , the spokeswoman said sales of Delmed products through the exclusive arrangement with National Medical accounted for 87 % of Delmed 's 1988 sales of $ 21.1 million .
`` We issue paper money ; we destroy paper money , '' says Jane Hinkle , a Philadelphia Fed spokeswoman .
And while the job is half done , Brooks is still bitter .
Having exhausted all modern aids to fertility , Linda and Michael decide to adopt .
Bruce Willis 's best attribute as an actor is his coy , lazy voice , and that 's all you get of him here , speaking for the baby .
GNP is the total value of the nation 's output of goods and services .
A proposed conflict-of-interest policy for federally funded biomedical researchers may thwart many high-technology new ventures , say financiers , researchers and university administrators .
Among other concerns , the agency says researchers with business ties are more likely to falsify findings in order to tout new drugs .
But because the University of California , like many other universities , shares its royalties with researchers , it may disqualify itself from federal funds under the proposed guidelines , Mr. Daly says .
Ms. Bick , the NIH administrator , says the business and scientific community is overreacting to what the agency merely meant to be `` ideas for discussion .
Worth watching , although the music has lasted better than the plot or the humor .
'' Critical opinion is divided about the success of Benton 's populist defiance of modernist art .
Sunday , Nov. 5 , 10:30 a.m.-1:30 p.m. EST , on ABC : New York City Marathon .
'' Can `` Masterpiece Theatre '' make a compelling human story out of the discovery of insulin ?
You 'll remember when you see the stunning footage taken from inside a hurricane 's eye , in this edition of `` NOVA .
Renaissance , a Cincinnati-based money manager , began buying stocks again this week with half of the $ 1.8 billion that it oversees for clients , according to people familiar with the firm 's revised strategy .
Almost any money manager holding stocks has turned in better results , while Renaissance has played it safe with Treasury bills .
When the computer says switch , Renaissance switches .
Mr. Terrizzi confirms some clients have left Renaissance , but no major ones , and the firm has added new accounts .
David Evans , who last week resigned as president and chief executive of Qintex Entertainment Inc. `` for personal reasons '' just as the company filed for bankruptcy-law protection , has been temporarily reappointed to both positions , the company said .
The purchase price was disclosed in a preliminary prospectus issued in connection with MGM Grand 's planned offering of six million common shares .
The facility will be marketed toward families , and room rates will be between $ 35 and $ 55 a night , MGM Grand said .
Assets soared $ 4.5 billion in the previous week .
One way that money fund managers boost yields in a declining rate environment is by extending the maturities of their investments , so they can earn the current higher rates for a longer period .
But when the market moves against the fund , investors lose more than other junk holders because the market decline is magnified by the amount the fund is leveraged .
Ms. Terry did say the fund 's recent performance `` illustrates what happens in a leveraged product '' when the market does n't cooperate .
'' The third principal in the South Gardens adventure did have garden experience .
After four years , though , the South Gardens design is 100 % uncollaborated Jennifer Bartlett .
'' The landscape architects were expelled from the garden in July .
In another , she requisitioned topiary MX missile cones -- costing $ 10,000 each -- in heights up to 20 feet .
'' Next door she put a smaller plaid-floored glass house , where , she suggested , a flat of strawberries might be displayed in the dead of winter .
( Lindens need about 36 feet .
It is this adapting of absurd ` knots ' and patterns from old books to any surface where a flower garden has to be made that leads to bad and frivolous design -- wrong in plan and hopeless for the life of plants .
Mr. Angell is incorrect when he states that the Soviet Union 's large gold reserves would give it `` great power to establish credibility .
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Such loans often are used to finance leveraged buy-outs , and the agency is worried that a sharp market drop could create capital problems for the firms .
In a rare package sale of its real estate , K mart Corp. , Troy , Mich. , has sold 17 of its strip shopping centers to a limited partnership led by New York developer Philip Pilevsky , according to sources familiar with the transaction .
It is unclear what effect the sale of the shopping centers will have on earnings .
Why the revolt ?
But industry executives say businesses seem especially inclined to dump mailers sent to titles rather than to individual names .
The practice is , however , legal in most cases .
New Hyundai Campaign
The ad campaign , created by Saatchi & Saatchi 's Backer Spielvogel Bates agency , is an extension of the auto company 's `` Cars That Make Sense '' campaign , which emphasized affordability .
Other Democrats who favor a capital-gains cut are even more pessimistic .
`` I 'm probably not going to vote for any capital-gains proposal .
The 658 Chinese , who have been in a refugee-assistance center , were sent to immigration facilities yesterday pending deportation to China , the official said .
Second in command from 1979 to 1984 , Mrs. Verne told a Paris court that the `` great disorder '' that reigned at the agency led her into temptation .
They also wanted to prevent a NATO training base being built in the region , he said .
Thieves stole a 12th century fresco from an abandoned church in Camerino , Italy , by removing the entire wall on which the work had been painted , police said ... .
In 1985 , the Medical Tribune reported that a growing number of critics are challenging the FDA bioequivalence-therapeutic-equivalence equation .
We do not depend on pharmaceutical companies for our support .
Parker Hannifin Corp. said it agreed to sell its three automotive parts divisions to a management-led investor group for $ 80 million .
Still other projects that have been announced but not yet started could put expenditures above $ 3 billion over the next few years .
But Nevada state labor economists think a shortage is probable .
City fathers have managed to push through projects that are crucial for tourist growth , such as the expansion of McCarran International Airport to accommodate the 44 % of Las Vegas tourists who fly here .
The ferocious competition probably will drive some poorly managed properties into bankruptcy or new ownership .
It has happened before .
Some have bought big chunks of Strip property for what may turn into another wave of building .
Atlantic City casino owner Donald Trump is scouting the Las Vegas market with an eye toward building an appropriately spectacular place .
Some have been combined into suites for the high rollers .
On Tuesday , the subject came up again when Marlin Fitzwater explained the constitutional argument based on the provisions above to the White House press corps .
Congress inserted the following into the Interior appropriation : `` None of the funds available under this title may be used to prepare reports on contacts between employees of the Dept. of the Interior and Members and committees of Congress and their staff .
'' This means Interior contacts can not be logged only on one day -- a Sunday that had already passed .
Troubled SCI Television Inc. proposed to restructure much of its $ 1.3 billion in debt to buy time to sell assets and pay its obligations .
Through investment banker Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , SCI TV is offering to exchange three classes of junk bonds for packages of new bonds and equity that investors value at ranges from 20 cents to 70 cents on the dollar .
KKR would give up a 31 % equity stake to bondholders , while Mr. Gillett would surrender an 8 % stake .
In Overbuilt Northeast
Tokyu Development Corp. is spending $ 500 million to build American-style luxury homes in suburban Tokyo with rarely seen back yards , front yards , swimming pools and tennis courts .
There are spacious living rooms and baths , plus a master grandparents suite and a foyer for removing shoes to suit Japanese life styles .
Beacon Hill is for `` move-up '' town houses , and Nob Hill , for single-family houses .
The Commercial Market
`` Clubs need to be run like restaurants where every square foot makes a dollar , '' he says .
Topaz , a translucent mineral that is often whitish when taken from the ground , can be turned blue by irradiation , which transforms it into a gemstone that looks like an aquamarine .
'' Mr. Hickey added that the stones found in Hong Kong are thought to carry double the U.S. radiation limit , although he noted that double or even triple the U.S. limit is `` still in the range of safe levels .
Boston 's Advent International raises $ 230 million from U.S. pension funds and other institutions to invest in Europe .
Most popular acquisition method : the leveraged buy-out .
AM radio , which has been losing listeners to FM channels since the 1970s , approaches the 1990s with a diminished voice .
The FCC plans to hear a day of testimony Nov. 16 on the plight of AM radio .
The FM radio band , considered technically superior because it can carry stereo broadcasts , has cornered the airwaves for delivering music .
The National Association of Broadcasters in June adopted an agenda for revitalizing AM radio that includes , among other things , pursuing further FCC action on selecting an AM stereo standard and seeking a law requiring all stereo receivers to include AM stereo .
`` The impression I 've got is they 'd love to do away with it { program trading } , but they { the exchange } ca n't do it , '' he said .
Morgan Stanley and Kidder Peabody , the two biggest program trading firms , staunchly defend their strategies .
`` We continue to believe the position we 've taken is reasonable , '' a Morgan Stanley official said .
The noncallable issue , which is puttable back to the company Nov. 1 , 1994 , was priced at a spread of 62.5 basis points above the Treasury 's five-year note .
ITT Financial is a subsidiary of ITT Corp .
Trinity River Authority , Texas -- $ 134.8 million of regional wastewater system improvement revenue bonds , Series 1989 , due 1992-2000 , 2009 and 2016 , through a Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. group .
Recreation program current interest bonds are due 1990-1995 , and are priced to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 6.45 % in 1995 .
Federal National Mortgage Association -- $ 300 million of Remic securities in 10 classes through Goldman Sachs .
Fees 1 7|8 .
Fees 1 3|8 .
Other terms to be fixed Nov. 1 .
Orders from Campeau retailers used to be cause for celebration .
`` I 'm buying fabric right now for clothes which I may not be paid for until April or May .
Typically , manufacturers are paid 10 days after the month in which they ship .
I 've got limited production , and I ca n't give it to underperformers .
`` We anticipate that steel market conditions will exhibit a further moderate decline in the fourth quarter as the automotive sector remains weak and customers continue to adjust inventories , '' said Bethlehem Chairman Walter F. Williams .
Armco shares closed unchanged at $ 10.625 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
The company noted that its Fox-Meyer Drug Co. , Ben Franklin Stores Inc. and Permian Corp. operations showed improvements as a result of restructuring moves .
While IBM , Armonk , N.Y. , makes the bulk of the DRAMs it uses , it does n't make the equipment needed to produce those chips .
And IBM worries that the Japanese will take over that equipment market , too , unless U.S. semiconductor companies produce enough memory chips here to keep U.S. equipment makers healthy .
The system also provides course-correction advisories .
At a news conference , Mr. Nadeau said the sale of the three non-food businesses , which account for nearly half the company 's C$ 900 million in assets , should be completed in a `` matter of months .
Mr. Nadeau said he could n't yet say if the sale prices would match book values .
Mr. Bussieres was president and chief operating officer of Provigo 's Quebec retail and wholesale grocery unit .
Testifying before a panel of the House Banking Committee , Mr. Greenspan said the short-term value of the dollar on foreign-exchange markets is n't the primary policy focus of the central bank .
The dollar climbed immediately higher on news of Mr. Greenspan 's testimony , settling lower in later trade as dealers squared positions ahead of today 's preliminary report on third-quarter U.S. gross national product .
He predicts a downward move in dollar-mark trade and a less dramatic slip in dollar-yen , noting that there continues to be a large pool of Japanese investor interest in U.S. securities , which could provide a solid base for the dollar at around 140 yen .
By acquiring the shares , Lawrence Group increased its stake in Lawrence Insurance to 93.2 % from 91.2 % .
Just this past week , a leading Japanese bank asked for a meeting with the machinists ' union leaders to determine where the union would stand if another bid or recapitalization became possible .
The two unions already had significant leverage simply because their employer has yet to settle with either on new contracts .
`` There 's less likelihood of creating and completing a transaction without the unions ' cooperation and wage concessions , '' said Richard Nye , of Baker , Nye Investments , a New York takeover stock-trader .
At the very least , the pilots want some form of control over the airline , perhaps through super-majority voting rights .
The machinists lobbied heavily against the original bid from UAL pilots and management for the company .
`` Who would the board be working for -- the public shareholders or the pilots ? '' she adds .
Another possibility is for the pilots ' to team up with an outside investor who might try to force the ouster of the board through the solicitation of consents .
For the quarter ended Sept. 30 , Delta posted net income of $ 133.1 million , or $ 2.53 a share , up from $ 100 million , or $ 2.03 a share , a year earlier .
Passenger traffic jumped 14 % in the quarter , while profit per passenger grew 2 % .
The latest results include a $ 2.6 million one-time payment from a `` foreign entity .
Columbia Savings & Loan Association , reeling from thrift-accounting changes mandated by Congress and the recent collapse of the junk-bond market , announced a loss for the third quarter of $ 226.3 million , or $ 11.57 a share .
Previously , Columbia did n't have to adjust the book value of its junk-bond holdings to reflect declines in market prices , because it held the bonds as long-term investments .
For its future strategy , Columbia officials said the thrift may branch out into commercial lending or managing outside investments , as well as beefing up more traditional thrift activities .
Its ratio of tangible equity to total assets as of Sept. 30 was 3.6 % , and total equity was $ 457.9 million .
The thrift emphasized that it has a large portfolio of equity securities issued in connection with corporate restructurings and leveraged buy-outs , which has a book value of $ 90 million .
The St. Louis company said major rivals , Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit and Adolph Coors Co. `` have been following a policy of continuous and deep discounting for at least the past 18 months '' on their premium brands , pricing their product as much as 25 cents a 12-pack below Anheuser 's Budweiser label in many markets .
Anheuser said its new strategy -- started in some markets last month and expected to be applied soon in selected markets nationwide -- will mean lower-than-anticipated earnings for the last half of 1989 and for 1990 .
The projection sent Anheuser shares plunging $ 4.375 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday .
Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. analyst George E. Thompson downplayed the importance of the announcement , and called any comparison between the coming beer-industry tiff and the seemingly unending `` cola wars , '' unwarranted .
Toyota Motor fell 40 to 2,680 .
Meanwhile , Wall Street 's volatility unnerved investors in other markets .
Among Pacific markets , prices closed lower in Sydney , Seoul , Hong Kong , Manila , Singapore and Wellington .
Yesterday 's vote dealt with the largest of these bills , an estimated $ 156.7 billion measure funding the departments of Labor , Education , and Health and Human Services .
In the Senate , Majority Whip Alan Cranston used his position to win not only the expanded credit but also more generous treatment than the House had permitted in the distribution of highway funds in the next six months .
The emergency assistance would n't be counted against a state 's normal allocation of annual highway funds , and the bill circumvents existing restrictions that otherwise would prevent the use of federal aid to repair a toll road , such as the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge damaged in last week 's earthquake .
Following its failure last month to win a license for one of Spain 's first three private television stations , Zeta is seeking investment opportunities in communications and publishing .
The Big Board lists its targets as pension plans , mutual fund managers and index-arbitrage traders .
Comprehensive Care Corp. , which has agreed to be acquired by closely held First Hospital Corp. , reported a $ 4.7 million loss for its Aug. 31 first quarter and said it is negotiating an extension of senior bank debt past its Oct. 18 due date .
Its stake includes 106,100 shares bought in the open market from Aug. 30 to Oct. 18 for $ 10.375 to $ 12.125 a share .
This is because a Delaware court earlier this year said that Drexel is entitled to get its money back before or at the same time as the limited partners .
An individual familiar with the negotiations said that whatever investments the limited partners do not recoup from the $ 330 million in partnership assets , they will receive from the $ 350 million restitution fund available as a result of Drexel 's settlement with the government in December 1988 .
Drexel agreed to plead guilty to six felony counts and pay $ 650 million , of which $ 350 million was set aside for shareholders and other plaintiffs , including the limited partners , who claim they were injured by Drexel .
Gabriel W. Gorenstein , the assistant U.S. attorney handling the case for the FBI , said no decision has been made about appealing the judge 's ruling .
FEDERAL COURTS URGED to cut costs and reduce delays of civil suits .
The study , conducted by a task force of the Brookings Institution , suggests that Congress should require the courts to develop the plans .
The Washington , D.C. , think tank recommends that the courts adopt different `` tracks '' for different types of civil cases in order to separate the handling of highly complex suits from simpler ones .
Businessland Inc. said it purchased a major regional computer retailer , Data Systems Computer Centre Inc. , Springfield , New Jersey .
Widely expected to open 10 to 15 cents a barrel higher on the strength of statistics from the American Petroleum Institute , the December contract managed to start the session only eight cents higher .
And now that the price has fallen below $ 19.65 , which many had said showed considerable resistance , some traders and analysts figure there 's little to stop the price from going lower on technical decisions .
`` And short-term , the technicians may have their way .
Neither Mr. Dennis nor officials of his Chicago trading company , C&D Commodities , could be reached for comment .
The rumor , which has been neither confirmed nor denied , has China buying 125,000 to 200,000 bales for near-term delivery .
COCOA : The modest sell-off , which started on Tuesday , continued .
Joseph W. Robertson , 61 , was dismissed from those posts , the company said .
American Medical said its directors have approved what is , in effect , a draft of a solvency opinion on the acquisition , submitted by the Los Angeles-based investment banking and evaluation consulting firm of Houlian Lokey Howard & Zukin Inc .
The downgrade anticipates completion of the IMA Holdings acquisition today , Moody 's said .
He declined to name the shareholder , the plaintiff 's lawyer or the court where the lawsuit was filed .
The West German paper company entered the venture in April 1988 by acquiring a 50 % stake , also from Beghin-Say .
The price in the proposal is $ 43.50 for each of the 4.9 million shares the parent does n't own , or $ 213.2 million .
The unit said it can provide no assurance a transaction will occur .
Industry officials and congressional aides said that the main points of a compromise defense authorization bill , hammered out during a flurry of private meetings over the past few days , provide a face-saving compromise for both the White House and House Democrats .
Our phones are quiet around here , '' said Don R. Hays , director of investment strategy at Wheat First Butcher & Singer Inc. , Richmond , Va .
The company also posted third-quarter earnings that were in line with analysts ' forecasts .
Blue-chip consumer stocks also provided a lift to the industrial average .
TW Services dropped 1 1|4 to 31 1|4 following the postponement of a $ 1.4 billion junk-bond offering that would have permitted Coniston Partners to complete its takeover of the company .
Procter & Gamble went down 3 1|2 to 130 , Dow Jones fell 3 1|2 to 37 1|2 and Rockwell International dropped 2 1|8 to 25 .
Hitachi Zosen Corp. , a shipbuilder buried in debt just a few years ago , will build a machinery plant , its first expansion in 14 years .
So big is the capital-spending boom that Japanese companies ' outlays in Japan topped American companies ' domestic outlays by $ 521.4 billion to $ 494.8 billion in the 12 months ended March 31 even though Japan 's total output of goods and services is less than two-thirds America 's .
Some economists -- and many Japanese companies -- are puzzled by the warnings .
He adds that the company is trying to keep up with demand `` by overworking '' its employees .
The competition is even more heated in the auto industry , where companies are racing one another in a world-wide market .
Meanwhile , Toyota Motor Corp. 's $ 247 million buildup is increasing its annual capacity by 180,000 cars , and Honda is spending $ 317 million on expansion .
Amdahl 's results were somewhat worse than expected .
Still , all this comes nearly a year and a half after Philip Pizzo of the National Cancer Institute offered evidence that AZT could reverse the ravages of AIDS dementia , sometimes prompting dramatic recovery of IQ levels and reappearance of lost motor skills .
Since then , roughly 50 pediatric patients have received the drug in his program .
`` While I 'm pleased the FDA is finally releasing AZT for children , it 's taken much too long to get to this point , '' said Rep. Ted Weiss .
About 1.1 million Class C warrants were issued , the company said .
Also , Armco and National Intergroup had lower operating profit in steel , marking what may be the end of a two-year industry boom .
Anheuser-Busch plans to aggressively discount its major beer brands , setting the stage for a price war as the beer industry 's growth slows .
Some major U.S. trade partners quickly rejected a compromise proposal by Bush to liberalize trade and reduce farm-product subsidies .
The move defied a law , approved in Moscow this month , banning such walkouts .
In the San Francisco Bay area , more than 13,000 people were homeless and landslides threatened more houses .
Peter Coors runs the Coors Brewing Co. unit , the nation 's fourth-largest brewery that accounted for $ 1.24 billion of Adolph Coors 's $ 1.52 billion in 1988 sales .
The current decline in failures continues a trend begun in late 1987 , D&B said .
Campeau Corp. , the chain 's owner , declined to comment on the report .
Bloomingdale 's is a 17-store chain acquired last year by Campeau in its $ 6.6 billion acquisition of Federated .
The sale of Bloomingdale 's is a condition of efforts by Toronto-based Olympia & York Developments Ltd. to arrange $ 800 million in bridge financing for Campeau , which disclosed last month that its retailing units , Federated Department Stores Inc. and Allied Stores Corp. , were strapped for cash .
O&Y , owned by Toronto 's Reichmann family , is also supervising major restructuring and refinancing of Campeau , a Toronto-based real estate and retailing company .
Separately , a Campeau shareholder filed suit , charging Campeau , Chairman Robert Campeau and other officers with violating securities law .
The suit , filed in U.S. District Court in Manhattan , seeks class-action status .
According to Securities and Exchange Commission rules , McCaw is required to keep its offer for the cellular-phone and broadcasting concern open for at least five business days after the announcement of the financing , LIN said .
'' He added that `` hopefully LIN will conduct a fair auction .
Coniston Partners , which with related entities controls 80 % of TW , had been planning to sell $ 1.15 billion of junk bonds , among other things to finance their acquisition of the remaining public shares .
But unless they continued to grow , TW , based in Paramus , N.J. , would have run into trouble .
Until recently , such buy-now , pray-for-growth-later deals were routine .
By then , DLJ hopes to be able to sell less-junky junk bonds .
'' As he sums it up : `` We are listening to the market .
But such calculations ignore the noncash charge of depreciation , taken to allow for the gradual wearing out of french friers , deterioration of stores and the like .
`` We were concerned that they were n't going to generate enough cash for capital spending and also to pay down debt , '' says a big investor in high-yield debt .
Now , apparently , they do .
51 cents a share
Maggie Thatcher must be doing something right ; her political enemies are screaming louder than ever .
'' Mrs. Thatcher : `` If it 's one against 48 , I 'm very sorry for the 48 .
Amgen advanced 1 1|2 to 56 ; Chiron jumped 2 to 29 3|4 ; Cetus gained 1 to 16 7|8 and Biogen rose 5|8 to 14 5|8 .
The maker of software products and services , which had a net loss in the 1988 third quarter , earned 200,000 , or a penny a share , in this year 's quarter .
Collagen dropped 2 5|8 to 15 5|8 on 428,000 shares .
The company 's third-quarter earnings also rose to 10 cents a share from eight cents a share a year ago .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
'' A beaming Mr. Pilson announced his lastest coup at a news conference that afternoon .
`` They lost the entertainment crown , and they needed one .
Mr. Pilson is an unlikely big spender .
`` I love Pilson , but he was the guy who complained most bitterly and loudly , '' says Robert Wussler , a former CBS Sports president .
`` And yet his company is one reason why rights are so high today .
Who cares ?
But top sports events are still a strong bet to lure audiences 30 % or 40 % larger than those CBS usually gets .
During the 1984 Summer Games , for example , ABC touted `` Call to Glory , '' but the military drama was missing in action within weeks .
Nor is CBS a shoo-in to get blockbuster ratings .
`` You 've got to judge where the network will be in three years .
CBS will pay an average of $ 82 million more each year than ABC and NBC had paid together -- and those two networks expect losses on baseball this season .
That has outraged some fans .
CBS Sports earned $ 50 million or so last year .
Dictaphone Corp. says there 's a big business demand for its voice-activated taping systems , whether the sophisticated Veritrac 9000 system , which costs from $ 10,000 to $ 120,000 and can record 240 conversations simultaneously , or simple handheld units selling for $ 395 .
The most common use of spying devices is in divorce cases , say private investigators .
`` We like to follow up and make sure operators are achieving our standards of company service , '' says Ms. Dale , who supervises 350 operators .
The hottest rivalry in the computer industry intensified sharply yesterday as Digital Equipment Corp. announced its first line of mainframe computers , targeting International Business Machines Corp. 's largest market .
IBM shares closed at $ 103 , down 50 cents , in Big Board trading .
IBM has already indicated it will have problems in the quarter , partly because of a delay in shipping a high-end disk drive and partly because the strong dollar will cut significantly the value of IBM 's overseas earnings when translated into dollars .
Concord Camera Corp. completed the acquisition of Peter Bauser G.m.b .
The president was said to have been noncommittal .
Two products in what the telecommunications giant called a new generation of such equipment are available now , AT&T said , and three others will be introduced in 1990 and 1991 .
AT&T said the products , unlike previous generations , will meet so-called Sonet compatability standards , which AT&T expects to be broadly adopted .
Law firms that have feasted and grown on the revenue from mergers and acquisitions work are feeling the squeeze as that work declines .
`` We just took another floor for our London offices , '' said Joseph Flom of the New York firm of Skadden , Arps , Slate , Meagher & Flom .
John Ake , 48 , a former vice-president in charge of legal compliance at American Capital Management & Research Inc. , in Houston , will join Ballard Spahr 's corporate-securities practice .
J&L , whose principal offices are in Detroit , is a mail-order distributer of industrial tools and supplies .
The acquisition is subject to approval by Kennametal 's board .
Mr. Hixson , who resigned effective Jan. 1 for health reasons , remains a director .
General unsecured creditors of Maxicare 's continuing operations initially will receive $ 47 million in cash , $ 35 million face amount of senior notes , and 49 % of the new company 's stock .
Those creditors , whose claims are estimated at about $ 200 million , include doctors and hospitals .
The spokesman said Maxicare hopes to complete the reorganization by early 1990 .
Steelmaking resumed Oct. 18 , but the company expects production to be hampered in the next few months by traffic disruptions around the plant and outages for repair to gas and electric power systems .
The average interest rate rose to 8.337 % at Citicorp 's $ 50 million weekly auction of 91-day commercial paper , or corporate IOUs , from 8.292 % at last week 's sale .
Third-quarter revenue rose to $ 4.9 billion from $ 4.7 billion .
In addition to insurance and finance , ITT has interests in electronic parts , defense technology , automotive parts , fluid technology , pulp and timber , and communications and information services .
Bishop is based in Hutchinson , Kansas .
The index was 178.5 in August and is based on 1980 equaling 100 .
The record price for a full membership on the exchange is $ 550,000 , set Aug. 31 , 1987 .
The board increased to 11 seats .
The suit , filed in Minneapolis federal court , claims that Apple violated a Quickview patent that allows computer users to display `` only portions of multiple fields on a computer screen with the ability to see the entire contents of any given field .
It 's one of the most popular computer programs of all time , but analysts said the Quickview suit does n't appear to bode major difficulties for Apple .
Mr. Kageyama suggests that Kotobuki Electronics Industries workers were having difficulty understanding their foreign bosses ' perspective .
`` I happen to think it was right , '' Mr. Bush said flatly .
Yet abortion-rights forces remain bitterly critical .
These days , when others raise the subject of abortion , the usually loquacious president can be close-mouthed almost to the point of curtness .
Throughout the early 1980s , Mr. Bush was quoted sometimes supporting federal funding for abortion in cases of rape and incest and sometimes opposing it .
But in the months since then , while trying to drum up support for other issues -- such as an anti-flag-burning constitutional amendment -- he has shied away from talking about abortion .
Christopher Cox 's Oct. 13 editorial-page article `` Toward More Crippling Lawsuits ... '' misses the point .
Without legal recourse , there are no guarantees of civil rights for anyone .
Sales rose slightly to $ 2.68 billion , from $ 2.66 billion .
For the nine months , profit skidded about 35 % , reflecting charges taken in this year 's second quarter and the effect of translations of weaker foreign currencies into the stronger U.S. dollar .
Sales rose nearly 2 % to $ 8.13 billion from $ 7.98 billion .
In addition , USX 's giant steel segment , representing 34 % of its 1988 sales , is facing softening demand and slipping prices as well as increasing competition from foreign steelmakers and low-cost minimills .
Or he might have to incur a huge expense of either buying Mr. Icahn 's stock , possibly at a premium , or paying stockholders a special dividend partly because of Mr. Icahn 's pressure .
Mr. Corry , who has boned up on corporate raiders by reading T. Boone Pickens 's autobiography , had hoped the detente would continue .
And although the recent turmoil in the stock and junk-bond markets , by making it harder to arrange takeover financing , has eased some of the pressure on Mr. Corry , it does n't end the takeover threat .
`` He 's in a vulnerable position because he has n't established much credibility on his own , '' says Bryan Jacoboski , a securities analyst at PaineWebber Inc .
An undistinguished college student who dabbled in zoology until he concluded that he could n't stand cutting up frogs , Mr. Corry wanted to work for a big company `` that could do big things .
'' But after joining the tax department of a USX subsidiary 30 years ago , he set the modest goal of becoming tax manager by the age of 46 .
Yet , the unassuming Mr. Corry helped chart USX 's transition from Big Steel to Big Oil .
Soon after taking over last June , Mr. Corry rescinded a pay cut imposed on clerical workers , a move that Mr. Roderick had n't made in spite of improved earnings .
Mr. Corry expected the Texas Oil & Gas sale to delight Mr. Icahn by addressing his concern about boosting shareholder value .
`` What he really wanted to know was about a particular company , but you did n't know that .
USX , he noted , was formed 88 years ago , `` by in effect buying out a bunch of other companies ... .
Thomas F. O'Boyle contributed to this article .
Terms were n't disclosed .
Shaw-Walker , based in Muskegon , Mich. , makes metal files and desks , and seating and office systems furniture .
Israel has launched a new effort to prove the Palestine Liberation Organization continues to practice terrorism , and thus to persuade the U.S. to break off talks with the group .
U.S. officials , however , said they are n't buying the Israeli argument .
Now , Jerusalem says it is backing up its contention with detailed accounts of alleged terrorist acts and plans linked to Mr. Arafat .
It blames most of these on Fatah .
The State Department said it had received a new letter on the subject from Israeli Foreign Minister Moshe Arens , restating Israel 's previous objection to negotiating with any Palestinian tied to the PLO .
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8355 marks , down from 1.8470 marks Monday , and at 141.45 yen , down from 141.90 yen late Monday .
Following the dive in U.S. stocks , the mark has strengthened more than its major counterparts .
The news also knocked the British unit to below 2.95 marks in London , but a bout of short-covering helped sterling recoup some of its earlier losses .
Boston Co. 's fall from grace is bad news for its parent , Shearson Lehman Hutton Holdings Inc. , which has relied heavily on the banking and money management unit 's contributions in recent years .
The executives were accused of improperly deferring expenses and booking revenue early , in an effort to dress up results -- and perhaps bolster performance-related bonuses .
The results underscore Sears 's difficulties in implementing the `` everyday low pricing '' strategy that it adopted in March as part of a broad attempt to revive its retailing business .
Moreover , the number of people who spontaneously cited lower prices as the reason for their interest in Sears declined to 16 % in September from 33 % in March .
For the third quarter , Sears said its total revenue rose 4.8 % to $ 13.18 billion from $ 12.57 billion a year earlier .
Net income at Sears 's merchandise group , which includes international and credit card operations , as well as U.S. stores , fell 25 % .
While Mideast crude imports were higher compared with year-earlier levels , they fell 18 % compared with August imports .
2 ) Encourage long-term occupancy by forgiving one month 's payment ( off the tail end of the mortgage ) for every six months paid ; or perhaps have the down payment deferred to the end of the mortgage ( balloon ) , but `` forgiven '' on a monthly pro-rata basis as long as the owner remains the occupant .
An occupant will , in most every case , be better for the home and neighborhood than a vacant house .
John F. Merrill
Revenue rose to $ 4.45 billion from $ 4.15 billion .
Operating-profit margins slipped almost 18 % , to 4.3 % of sales , the analyst noted .
Still , with competitors such as Eastman Kodak Co. faltering in copier sales , Xerox 's sales increases `` were encouraging , '' says Eugene Glazer of Dean Witter Reynolds Inc .
Still , Milton Hudson , senior economic adviser at Morgan Guaranty Trust Co. in New York , said : `` If you look back a half-year or so the evidence was pretty good of affirmative strength in the capital-goods sector .
In a statement , Arnold B. McKinnon , chairman and chief executive officer , noted that the new repurchase program `` should serve to enhance shareholder value .
Longer term , however , the buy-back is expected to increase earnings , especially after 1990 , Mrs. Lidgerwood said .
In composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Falcon closed at $ 20 , unchanged .
RMI Titanium is owned jointly by USX and Quantum Chemical Corp .
After a wonderfully frivolous early childhood , they are exposed to rigid discipline as soon as they enter school .
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order .
Individual prosperity inevitably would result .
That system has worked .
The Ministry of Transportation serves the industry , certainly not the passengers who must pay extraordinarily high prices .
And the Ministry of Foreign Affairs works for itself , supporting Japanese diplomats who sprinkle abundant aid money around the world to ensure that their seat at the dinner table is next to the host 's .
Ghost towns dot the Namib dunes , proving diamonds are n't forever .
Still , employees do occasionally try to smuggle out a gem or two .
Gov. Campbell responded , `` They 're mentioning rope when there 's been a hanging in the family .
THE IRS WILL PAY if its error burdens you with bank charges .
So the IRS has drawn a rationale from the sale of a home site split in two and sold in different years to the same buyer ; a court let the seller in that old case treat this as the sale of one residence .
Notice 89-107 offers added relief for hurricane-hit concerns that must file pension and benefit-plan returns .
`` Niche-itis fragments our advertising dollars , '' said Mr. Lauder .
`` Readers do n't want to face all those ad pages at the front of a magazine , '' he said .
They 'll go into someone else 's pasture as long as it 's greener than the one they 're in now .
Quips David Shulman , director of real estate research for Salomon Brothers Inc. : `` A theme of the Urban Land conference will be ` take a pension fund manager to lunch .
U.S. companies account for less than 8 % of the 1,000 or more Soviet joint ventures that have been announced since the Soviets began encouraging such undertakings in 1987 .
`` I 've ripped out a lot of Delicious '' and grafted the trees with many different shoots , says Steve Wood , a West Lebanon , N.H. , grower , tramping through his 100-acre Poverty Lane Orchard on a crisp autumn day recently .
`` Rather than sell 39-cents-a-pound Delicious , maybe we can sell 79-cents-a-pound Fujis , '' says Chuck Tryon , perishables director for Super Valu Inc. , a Minneapolis supermarket chain and food distributor .
Japanese researchers have bred dozens of strains of Fujis to hone its color , taste and shelf life .
He sees a shift in American values -- at least regarding apples -- toward more emphasis on substance and less on glitz .
The maker of engineered materials has acquired more than 2.7 million shares under the program .
On Friday , the firms filed a suit against West Virginia in New York state court asking for a declaratory judgment absolving them of liability .
GAO 's findings are particularly troubling because the FHA has about $ 300 billion in obligations outstanding and had previously been considered one of the most financially secure credit programs .
( Secondary guarantees of pools of FHA - and VA-backed loans by the agency known as Ginnie Mae currently exceed $ 330 billion .
Thus , subsidized loans tend to turn into giveaway programs , with increasing subsidy and default rates over time .
Given the structure of most credit programs , it is surprising that default rates are not even higher .
Guarantee rates are typically 100 % , giving lenders little reason to screen customers carefully .
But it would also encourage lenders to choose more creditworthy customers , and go a long way toward reducing defaults .
Until GAO 's recent audit , FHA books had not been subject to a complete external audit in 15 years .
Establishing these practices would permit earlier identification of emerging financial crises , provide better information for loan sales and budgeting decisions , and reduce fraud .
But some analysts , particularly conservative legal scholars , have urged Mr. Bush not to wait for explicit authorization but simply to assert that the Constitution already implicitly gives him the power to exercise a line-item veto .
The Bush administration said it is submitting a `` comprehensive '' proposal for overhauling agricultural trade that could help break an impasse in the current round of multilateral trade negotiations .
Net for the quarter ended Sept. 30 climbed to $ 551 million , or $ 1.66 a share , from $ 400 million , or $ 1.18 a share , a year earlier .
Earnings at the consumer-products giant were boosted by a gain of $ 125 million , or about 25 cents a share , stemming from last month 's settlement of litigation with three of P&G 's competitors over patents on P&G 's Duncan Hines cookies .
P&G 's U.S. shipments were up just 1 % , partly because the company decided to shift more promotions and sales for health and beauty products to the fiscal second quarter .
Last year 's drought in the Midwest prompted retailers to stock up on oils ahead of anticipated price increases , boosting sales for Crisco and Puritan oils , analysts said .
`` If he does to the domestic operations what he did internationally , '' says Mr. Zurkuhlen , `` this company will earn $ 6 or $ 7 a share in a few years .
Although Section 2 of the act expressly disclaims requiring that minorities win a proportional share of elective offices , few municipal and state government plans achieve preclearance by the Justice Department or survive the scrutiny of the lower federal courts unless they carve out as many solidly minority districts as possible .
In 1972 , the Justice Department required that the electoral map in the borough of Brooklyn be redrawn to concentrate black and Hispanic votes , despite protests that the new electoral boundaries would split a neighborhood of Hasidic Jews into two different districts .
Madison explained that a representative 's duty was to speak not for the narrow interests of one group but instead for the common good .
Large , heterogeneous election districts would encourage good government , said Madison , because a representative would be compelled to serve the interests of all his constituents and be servile to none .
Such orders can have a wide-ranging impact on third parties who do business with the defendants , including clients , vendors , banks , investors , creditors , dependents , and others .
In order to ensure that the rights of all interested parties are protected , the Criminal Division has instituted the following requirements to control the use of TROs in RICO prosecutions .
Since then , deliveries have slumped .
Honda Motor Co. , which continues to have short supplies of domestically made Accords , saw its sales of North American-built cars fall 14.1 % to 8,355 .
The most recent OTC short interest statistics were compiled Oct. 13 , the day the Nasdaq composite index slid 3 % and the New York Stock Exchange tumbled 7 % .
The total short interest in Nasdaq stocks as of mid-October was 237.1 million shares , up from 223.7 million in September but well below the record level of 279 million shares established in July 1987 .
Nasdaq stocks that showed a drop in short interest included Adobe Systems , Class A shares of Tele-Communications and takeover targets Lyphomed and Jerrico .
The weight of Lebanon 's history was also against him ; and it is a history Israel is in danger of repeating .
After plummeting 1.8 % at one point during the day , the composite rebounded a little , but finished down 5.52 , at 461.70 .
MCI Communications , the most active issue , finished down 5|8 to 42 1|8 .
The market makers say they are n't comfortable carrying big positions in stocks because they realize prices can tumble quickly .
The situation makes it harder to buy and sell shares quickly , exacerbating the rise and fall in stock prices during program-dominated trading .
The company said losses from the Oct. 17 earthquake in California have n't yet been determined , but that it provides earthquake coverage to about 1,400 properties in the stricken area .
North Atlantic Industries jumped 1 to 5 3|4 .
McCaw was unchanged at 40 .
XL|Datacomp slid 2 1|4 to 16 1|2 amid continuing concerns about the company 's contract negotiations with International Business Machines .
'' The delegation included a reporter from the New York Times , aides to Sen. Edward M. Kennedy and Rep. Les AuCoin , and Natural Resources Defense Council staff members .
-- Eduard Shevardnadze , Oct. 23 , 1989 .
As it bids for new agreements , new loans and indeed admission to the civilized world , the Soviet government has recognized it has a credibility problem .
Wilbur Ross , financial adviser to the equity holders said , `` Given the state 's strong bargaining position ... we believe the NU plan provides the best recovery available '' to PS of New Hampshire 's equity holders .
In coming months , emergency food aid moving in from the West will be the one buffer between a meat-hungry public and a new political calamity .
At dawn on a cool day , hundreds travel to the private market in Radzymin , a town not far from Warsaw , hauling pigs , cattle and sacks of feed that the state 's official buyers ca n't induce them to sell .
Here , they are searching for a higher price .
`` They ca n't buy feed from the state .
I have plenty more at home .
Building them now will require undergirding from the West , and removal of political deadwood , a job that Solidarity has barely started .
Food is the reformer 's top priority , the key to popular support .
Ownership , it seems , is the best fertilizer .
`` We wanted them to build a road here , '' he says .
`` They started , and then abandoned it .
Even if I had a lot of money , I could n't buy what I need .
In Poland , only 4 % of all investment goes toward making things farmers want ; in the West , it is closer to 20 % .
A private farmer never wastes anything .
Grain , milk and meat come next .
`` I hire transportation , and my customers have fresh cold cuts every day .
I do n't subsidize anyone .
Yes , my prices are high .
`` Eight years I 've had it .
They want to do more .
His prominent role put him in the awkward position of challenging the very committee members on whom his state will be most dependent in the months ahead .
And $ 70.2 million would go to projects in Tennessee represented by his Senate counterpart and fellow Democrat , Sen. James Sasser .
The tribe is one of the poorest in the Pacific Northwest .
Employees have n't yet been notified .
Individuals familiar with Mobil 's strategy say that Mobil is reducing its U.S. work force because of declining U.S. output .
Industrywide , oil production in this country fell by 500,000 barrels a day to 7.7 million barrels in the first eight months of this year .
Drexel therefore agreed instead to an arrangement allowing it to plea to charges `` which the company is not in a position to dispute '' because of RICO .
Part of Drexel 's plea was to cut Mr. Milken loose .
`` We 're making adjustments on the show , yes , but nothing radical , '' said Craig Nelson , the story consultant on `` Teddy Z .
The bond market got an early boost from the opening-hour sell-off in stocks .
Auto makers reported that mid-October sales were running at an annual rate of about 5.8 million units , far less than the 6.6 million units analysts had expected .
We can only wonder who will be the next lost soul chosen to be America 's Celebrity Convict .
Boeing Co. said Trans European Airways ordered a dozen 737 jetliners valued at a total of about $ 450 million .
The 300 and 400 series aircraft will be powered by engines jointly produced by General Electric Co. and Snecma of France .
Never once did she gasp for air or mop her brow .
She has TB , after all , and a weak-kneed lover ; and though a successful courtesan , she is just about overdrawn at the bank .
Just when Ms. Gruberova sat down away from her guests to cough in private , her salon began sliding around the stage ; her country hideaway also has a very active set of drapes .
Large and lavish , `` Traviata '' is another addition to the Met 's growing stock of cast-proof productions mostly by Mr. Zeffirelli .
Inexplicably costumed as a rabbinical student , tottering around on lifts , Mr. Shicoff hardly seemed the fellow to catch a fancy cocotte 's eye .
`` Di Provenza '' was n't much of an advertisement for sunny , southern France .
I , for instance , was perfectly happy at Avery Fisher Hall the other day listening to Helmuth Rilling conduct the Messa per Rossini , a strange piece written by 13 different Italian composers to honor Rossini after his death in 1868 .
The surprising discovery of the evening at Fisher was the high standard achieved by some of his now-obscure colleagues , notably Raimondo Boucheron .
There are drawbacks .
'' The leaders ' talks coincided with a meeting in Madrid of anti-drug experts from the U.S. , France , Italy , Spain , Peru , Bolivia and Colombia .
Sources close to the family of Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto said she is expecting a second child , probably early next year .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Cray closed down $ 1.125 at $ 34.25 .
He added that the company expects `` strong '' operating profit for the year , `` but at a level significantly lower than last year .
The year-ago per-share earnings are adjusted to reflect a 2-for-1 stock split last May .
Bergen Brunswig Corp. , proposed offering of liquid yield option notes , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
TeleVideo Systems Inc. , proposed offering of 1,853,735 common shares , to be sold by holders .
A company spokesman declined to comment and said that the officials who sold shares would n't comment .
One of Dun & Bradstreet 's chief businesses is compiling reports that rate the credit-worthiness of millions of American companies .
Last March , this newspaper reported on widespread allegations that the company misled many customers into purchasing more credit-data services than needed .
Last Thursday , Merrill Lynch securities analyst Peter Falco downgraded his investment rating on the firm , according to Dow Jones Professional Investors Report , citing a slowdown in the credit-reporting business .
The stock fell 75 cents .
The stock split four-for-one on Oct. 10 .
He received $ 50,085 .
Yesterday , in composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Pegasus closed at $ 10.125 , up 12.5 cents .
But even if no conscious life had evolved here at all , the universe is a big place , and given the right conditions , sympathetic to creating some form of life .
The guidelines were distributed to U.S. attorneys last summer but were disclosed for the first time by press reports this week .
According to a spokesman , the governor is also studying the possibility of raising state gasoline taxes .
To raise more highway funds , a measure to double the state 's nine-cent a gallon tax over five years is set to appear on the state 's June election ballot .
The noncallable issue was priced at a spread of 140 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note .
The issue is expected to receive a double-A rating from Moody 's , the underwriter said .
An S&P rating of double-A-plus has already been confirmed .
There were no details available on the pricing of the issue , Freddie Mac 's Series 108 .
There is hope of change .
Determining when handicapped access is required can be a nightmare for architects , says Mark Dooling , president of Dooling & Co. , a Newton , Mass. , architectural firm .
Taxi , leasing and other companies that maintain fleets of vehicles devote substantial resources to complying with state insurance laws and a host of agencies .
`` It 's very costly and time-consuming , '' says Phil Rosen , a partner in Fleet & Leasing Management Inc. , a Boston car-leasing company .
SALES TAX RECORDS : Advertising agencies and other service companies are exempt from city and state sales tax in most locales -- but the exemption comes at a price of exhaustive records and rigorous reviews .
Trinity Rep meanwhile is one of the nation 's oldest and most respected regional theaters , still hosting an annual `` A Christmas Carol .
For Ms. Bogart , who initially studied and directed in Germany ( and cites such European directors as Peter Stein , Giorgio Strehler and Ariane Mnouchkine as influences ) tends to stage her productions with a Brechtian rigor -- whether the text demands it or not .
'' `` Talk hurts from where it spurts , '' one of them says .
Ed Shea and Barbara Orson never find a real reason for their love affair as the foolish , idealistic young Vass and the tirelessly humanitarian doctor Maria Lvovna .
Cynthia Strickland as the long-suffering Varvara is a tiresome whiner , not the inspirational counterrevolutionary Gorky intended .
Some $ 380 million of the troubled assets is repossessed real estate , a 55.6 % surge from the $ 244.2 million of repossesed property HomeFed held a year ago .
The average yield on six-month CDs of $ 50,000 and less slipped to 7.96 % from 8.00 % , according to Banxquote Money Markets , an information service based here .
`` It 's unclear how much rates can fall and how soon .
The brokerage firms , which negotiate rates with the banks and thrifts whose CDs they sell , generally feel they have to offer clients more than they can get on T-bills or from banks and thrifts directly .
In California , Bank of America dropped the yield on both six-month and one-year `` savings '' CDs to 8.33 % from 8.61 % .
Lion Nathan Ltd. agreed to buy the franchise to bottle , distribute and market Pepsi-Cola soft-drink products in Australia , the company said .
During the summer , Wang executives had said they might seek outside investment .
Murata Mfg. Co. said it is establishing a subsidiary in Britain to produce electric parts , including ceramic condensers .
Safeway Stores Inc. reported a 69 % decline in profit for the fiscal third quarter , but said operating improvements were masked by unusual gains in the year-earlier period .
`` Options traders , arbitrage traders -- everyone , '' said Mr. Bates , cooling down with a carton of apple juice after the close yesterday .
Messrs. Jacobson and Bates walked on the Big Board floor at about 8:45 a.m. yesterday and immediately spotted trouble .
There were rumors of $ 148-a-share trades .
In the 45 minutes before the 9:30 opening bell , the Jacobson specialists kept getting sell orders , heavier than they imagined .
Not yesterday .
Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson views the high rates as his chief weapon against inflation , which was ignited by tax cuts and loose credit policies in 1986 and 1987 .
The Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association , a Lexington , Ky.-based trade group , has launched `` seminars '' for `` potential investors '' at race tracks around the country .
`` Just imagine how exciting that would be if that 's your horse , '' he says .
For starters , racehorse buyers have to remember the basic problem of such ventures : These beasts do n't come with warranties .
Katherine Voss , a veteran trainer at the Laurel , Md. , track , offers neophytes a sobering tour of a horse barn , noting that only three of about a dozen horses have won sizable purses .
BUELL INDUSTRIES Inc. halved its quarterly dividend to five cents a share , payable Nov. 17 to stock of record Nov. 3 .
Dunkin ' Donuts Chairman and Chief Executive Robert M. Rosenberg said `` a sale is one alternative being considered , '' but he added the board has n't decided whether to sell the doughnut franchiser .
Both firms are in New York .
Excluding Mexico , reserves equal 95 % of LDC exposure .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Knight Ridder closed at $ 51.50 a share , down 12.5 cents .
The government 's 136-page filing covers events leading up to the current case and an earlier indictment in March 1985 , when GE was accused of defrauding the Pentagon by illegally claiming cost overruns on Minuteman missile contracts .
In its brief , the government asserted that it needs the internal GE documents to rebut anticipated efforts by GE during the trial to demonstrate `` its good corporate character .
GE , which was surprised by the last-minute subpoena for more than 100 boxes and file cabinets of documents , countered that senior GE managers did n't find out about questionable billing practices until 1985 , and that the information was passed on quickly to Mr. Orr at his first meeting with company representatives .
The company 's conduct `` does not even raise a question of wrongful corporate intent , ratification or cover-up , '' GE 's brief asserts .
Toshiyuki Nishimura , an analyst at Yamaichi Securities , said , `` The market sentiment is bullish , simply because there are few bad factors .
Market participants say investors are not only licking their wounds following the turbulence last week , but they have also been made nervous by two events in West Germany .
Prices closed lower in Sydney , Singapore and Wellington , were mixed in Hong Kong and higher in Taipei , Manila , Paris , Brussels and Seoul .
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 .
The legislation also requires broad new disclosures of the race , sex and income level of borrowers , but that information wo n't be gathered in new studies for several months at least .
The Federal Reserve said its studies in recent years , which adjust for income differences and other variables , showed that blacks received fewer home mortgages from banks and thrifts than whites .
Tele-Communications controls close to 12 million cable subscribers , and Viacom has about one million .
Time argues that in joining up with Tele-Communications , Viacom has potentially more power , particularly since Viacom also owns cable networks MTV , VH-1 and Nick at Nite .
The Federal Trade Commission said it authorized its staff to seek a preliminary injunction barring Imo Industries Inc. from acquiring the shares outstanding of the U.S. unit of the British company , United Scientific Holdings PLC , for $ 69 million .
The airline industry 's fortunes , in dazzling shape for most of the year , have taken a sudden turn for the worse in the past few weeks .
Previously , airlines were limiting the programs because they were becoming too expensive .
Revenue rose only 3.3 % in the latest period , to $ 1.53 billion from $ 1.48 billion .
The results surprised many analysts , because USAir has almost no competition in its Pittsburgh hub and has expanded operations by completing its acquisition of Piedmont Airlines .
`` Nobody was expecting this size of a loss , '' said Paul Karos , an analyst with First Boston Corp .
It said the industry 's domestic traffic was flat in the third quarter ; analysts say this was because hefty fare increases earlier in the year scared off many leisure travelers this summer .
Labor costs , which leveled off in the past few years because of lower pay scales for newer employees , are on the upswing again at many carriers .
The comic strip `` has a magical , everlasting quality about it .
Our plan is to honor Charles Schulz and the strip all year long .
The naming of FCB|Leber Katz Partners as agency of record for Nabisco Brands Inc. and Planters LifeSavers Co. follows RJR Nabisco 's announcement last week that it will disband its RJR Nabisco Broadcast division and dismiss its 14 employees Dec. 1. to cut costs .
Pepsi said it will spend $ 10 million advertising the promotion .
International Business Machines Corp. agreed to acquire a 15 % stake in Paxus Corp. , an Australian computer-software and information-services concern , for 20 million Australian dollars ( US$ 17 million ) .
The company earns about half its revenue overseas and plans further expansion .
The disclosure follows last Friday 's news that Bond Corp. incurred an overall loss of A$ 980.2 million for the fiscal year ended June 30 , the largest loss in Australian corporate history .
While some assets have been written down , others are undervalued in the accounts , Mr. Bond maintained .
Among these are the company 's Australian brewing assets , in the books at A$ 950 million but actually worth A$ 2.5 billion , he said .
An investment in Chile 's telephone company is carried at US$ 300 million but really worth US$ 500 million , and the company 's property portfolio is undervalued by at least A$ 250 million , Mr. Bond said .
The company said its core businesses have performed well and it expects them to continue to do so in the remainder of the fiscal year .
The manufacturers ' association will issue statistics on vehicle exports later this month .
The deepening bloodbath for takeover-stock traders , who by then had seen UAL stock tumble 49 % since Oct. 12 , also triggered a marketwide sell-off that sent the Dow Jones Industrial Average down more than 80 points at 10:40 a.m .
UAL stock closed at $ 170 a share , down $ 8.375 .
The two most frequently rumored buyers , neither of whom would comment , were Coniston Partners , which battled the UAL board in 1987 , and New York real estate developer Donald Trump , who recently made and withdrew an offer for American Airlines parent AMR Corp .
Some traders pointed hopefully to earlier estimates by UAL 's investment adviser , First Boston Corp. , that recapitalizations could yield $ 245 to $ 280 a share .
The pilots had been working on a buy-out bid between $ 225 and $ 240 a share , or $ 5.09 billion to $ 5.42 billion .
A machinist official said that would depend on how much in concessions machinists would have to give in return for the majority stake .
`` I 'm not interested , '' said Dallas investor Harold Simmons .
Times Mirror Co. said third-quarter net income fell 13 % to $ 70.1 million , or 54 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 81 million , or 62 cents a share , a year earlier .
When the market fell below that level on Monday and then yesterday could n't climb above that level , traders started selling out their positions .
He said the normal ratio is five to six weeks .
`` Gold still acts as a haven when uncertainty prevails in the financial markets as it did '' yesterday , she said .
The December contract opened just under Monday 's close , triggered some previously placed buy orders just above $ 1,030 a metric ton , pushing the price to $ 1,040 , and then encountered heavy selling by traders who buy and sell for their own accounts and by commercial interests .
The contract settled at $ 1,014 a ton , off $ 13 .
The convertible preferred will pay dividends at 7.875 % and be convertible into shares of Citizens First at a rate equal to 20 % above the average closing price of the stock during a 20-day period prior to the transaction 's completion .
SCI TV , which expects to release a plan to restructure $ 1.3 billion of debt in the next day or so , is n't just another LBO that went bad after piling on debt -- though it did do that .
They would both give part of their combined $ 50 million in common equity in SCI TV to holders of SCI TV 's $ 488 million of junk bonds , as a carrot to persuade them to accept new bonds that might reduce the value of their claims on the company .
To protect their claims , some junk-holders want KKR and perhaps Mr. Gillett to invest new money in SCI TV , perhaps $ 50 million or more .
A big bankruptcy-court case might tarnish KKR 's name , and provide new fuel for critics of LBOs in Washington and elsewhere .
By contrast , KKR probably has already made all the money it can on SCI TV .
Separately , the company 's board adopted a proposal to amend its 1986 shareholder rights plan , further insulating the company from takeover .
New York Stock Exchange volume was 237,960,000 shares .
`` These guys wanted to do something to show how powerful they are .
Officials at Goldman Sachs and Salomon Brothers were unavailable for comment .
All 20-stocks in the MMI except Exxon , General Motors and Sears were down $ 1 to $ 2 .
But as the fright began to spread through the S&P pit , the big brokerage firms came in and bought futures aggressively .
On the comeback , Ms. Del Signore unloaded shares she has been aiming to get rid of .
But traders who risk money handling big blocks of stock were shaken .
But I think we are losing credibility because when the market does this , it does n't present itself as a rational investment .
Traders attributed rallies in a number of stocks to a Japanese buy program that PaineWebber carried out as part of a shift in portfolio strategy , according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report .
Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette placed the stock on its list of recommended issues .
Georgia Gulf , another producer of commodity chemicals , advanced 2 to 49 1|2 ; Dallas investor Harold Simmons , who holds about 10 % of its shares , said he has n't raised his stake .
GANNETT Co. raised its quarterly dividend 11 % to 30 cents a share from 27 cents , payable Jan. 2 , 1990 , to shares of record Dec. 8 , 1989 .
A technique so deftly done :
Strongly answer an unasked one !
Yesterday , for example , the Commerce Department reported that new orders for durable goods fell 0.1 % , while the nation 's auto makers reported lackluster mid-October sales .
Trading activity in the junk market was extremely light as dealers could n't find enough buyers to match sellers .
Donaldson Lufkin would n't comment .
`` They are typically not active in two-year note auctions , but today 's participation could be viewed as lighter-than-normal .
However , Mr. Moran added that the Japanese generally have a positive view of the U.S. bond market because of expectations that the dollar will remain strong and interest rates will decline .
He said , `` Possibly , they 're waiting to buy at the ( quarterly ) refunding '' of government debt to be held next month by the Treasury .
Exxon Capital , long-rumored to be a potential debt issuer , offered $ 200 million of 10-year notes priced to yield 8.31 % .
Citicorp issued $ 200 million of seven-year notes priced to yield 8.82 % , and Xerox priced $ 150 million of six-year notes to yield 8.85 % .
Actively traded municipal bonds ended 1|4 to 1|2 point higher in brisk trading , despite a flood of new supply .
The Eurodollar bond market sprang to life late in the European trading session after the Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled .
The move was made because of the bank-holding company 's increased profitability , officials said .
In the third quarter , BSB earned $ 2 million , up from $ 1.8 million a year earlier .
Lawmakers in Moscow voted to deny the Communist Party its 100 guaranteed seats in the Soviet Congress , meaning Gorbachev and other aides might have to face voters .
Mobil is preparing to slash its work force in the U.S. , possibly as soon as next month , sources said .
Salomon posted an unexpectedly big gain in quarterly earnings , aided by its securities trading and investment banking activities .
Dow Jones industrials 2659.22 , off 3.69 ; transportation 1210.70 , off 25.96 ; utilities 215.04 , off 0.31 .
It 's an inherited human disorder that 's been duplicated in mice .
Three days later , before the new embryo had become implanted in the uterus , it was washed out of the mother mouse .
Using the new technique developed by Cetus Corp. , called the polymerase chain reaction , the scientists rapidly made millions of copies of the section of DNA that ordinarily contains the hemoglobin gene , providing enough copies to test .
A healthy embryo can be picked for implantation and defective ones discarded .
Single-cell protein never panned out , and most companies abandoned such research .
They 've now adapted the yeast to making genetically engineered drugs .
The suit , filed in federal trial court in Des Moines , Iowa , where Meredith is based , alleges that the diversified media company 's relocation unit cheated the government by misrepresenting the value of government employees ' homes .
Computer Associates International Inc. reported earnings for the second quarter , ended Sept. 30 , plummeted 66 % , primarily because of the acquisition of Cullinet Software Inc .
Computer Associates closed at $ 13.625 , down 25 cents , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
A spot honoring Bill White , the inventor of chewing gum , shows a woman trying to extricate her high-heeled shoe from a wad of gum .
Cemetery officials hope the ads , which will begin airing next month , will not only draw visitors but bolster burials and endowment fund contributions .
For example , President James A. Garfield is entombed here , the victim of an assassination in 1881 .
Mr. Rockefeller , buried beneath a 180-foot-tall granite obelisk , did n't seem right for an ad either .
Euro Disneyland shares made a debut like Snow White yesterday while most of the London stock market looked like it had eaten the Evil Queen 's poisoned apple .
'' Most of the buying was institutional , he added .
But with its stake in Jaguar , which it raised yesterday to 11.95 % , Ford could convene a special Jaguar shareholders ' meeting and urge holders to vote to drop the restriction sooner .
Jaguar seems to be losing interest in giving GM a minority stake , said one individual close to the talks , adding , `` It would n't surprise me if { Jaguar executives } want to wait and see what the color of that { Ford bid } is '' first .
Both Ford and GM badly need a luxury brand to combat new competition from the Japanese in the European and U.S. markets .
Then , last Friday , Ford 's talks about a possible alliance with Saab-Scania AB of Sweden collapsed .
GM 's interest in Jaguar reflects a desire to help diversify the U.S. company 's products in the growing luxury-car segment of the market .
Third-quarter net income at Texaco rose to $ 305 million from $ 274 million last year .
Sun said some of the growth reflects higher earnings in the oil sands operation of Suncor , a majority-owned Canadian subsidiary .
Shell Oil
Exploration and production profits slumped $ 40 million due to a provision for restructuring costs .
The restructuring will take place over a two-year period and will involve the transfer and layoff of employees in U.S. operations to reduce costs and focus efforts in other areas .
Phillip J. Stuecker , 37 , vice president , secretary and treasurer , was named vice president of finance and chief financial officer .
Birtcher , a maker of electronic medical equipment , said the transaction is expected to close on or before Nov. 30 .
Raw-steel production by the nation 's mills decreased 0.7 % last week to 1,816,000 tons from 1,828,000 tons the previous week , the American Iron and Steel Institute said .
Bausch & Lomb Inc. said its pharmaceuticals subsidiary agreed to supply collagen corneal shields for animal eye surgery to a unit of International Minerals & Chemical Corp .
They said they hoped to conduct tests on human patients in the U.S. by late next year .
But Takashi Kitamura , director of the biology department at Japan 's National Institute of Health and secretary of the government 's AIDS-research center , said , `` I 'm not so optimistic of its future use in therapeutic methods .
AIDS is n't considered a widespread problem in Japan -- the government reports about 1,000 known carriers of the virus -- but many companies have poured substantial resources into research in recent years , hoping to cash in on a possible cure .
John Nuveen & Co. , initial offerings of the Nuveen California Performance Plus Municipal Fund Inc. and the Nuveen New York Performance Plus Municipal Fund Inc. , via Alex .
In a statement , British Air Chairman Lord King said the company was `` obviously disappointed that the issue was not taken up , but it would have been unreasonable to expect a better result given the volatility of the stock market since the launch of the issue .
And instead of buying the UAL stake , the U.K. carrier will be able to reduce its high debt level and build an acquisition war chest .
Six months ago , as some personnel specialists saw it , a perception that President Bush really cared about fair employment -- after what they said was eight years of Reagan-era neglect -- was prodding top management to raise hiring goals for females , blacks and other minorities .
Managers have `` some very broad discretion , '' says an official at Walt Disney Co .
`` You ca n't hire competent Americans and say , ` Let them run only their own show , ' '' says Vladimir Pucik , who headed the study run with Egon Zehnder International , a search firm .
`` Some Japanese executives are not yet ... comfortable about sharing strategic information with their American colleagues , '' the researchers say .
Americans stay longer with Japanese firms than American companies .
FRINGE-BENEFIT spending by small and medium-sized employers has dropped to 25 % of payroll from 29 % three years ago , says the National Institute of Business Management , an advisory service .
OUSTED EXECUTIVES over 50 years old take slightly less time than their younger colleagues to find a job -- 3.23 months vs. 3.26 for the juniors -- outplacement firm Challenger , Gray & Christmas finds .
FEAR OF AIDS hinders hiring at few hospitals .
`` I 've been recruiting every single day since it 's been identified that many AIDS patients come from the inner city , '' she says .
`` There are enough enlightened and spirited individuals who know their responsibilities , '' he says .
And somebody loses on the expected repeal of Section 89 , the benefits test fought by most employers .
British investigations were prompted by a list of 17 alleged war criminals living in Britain sent to Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in October 1986 by the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los Angeles .
The association issued an advisory to its 1,685 member agencies following a report from the Foreign Ministry that picture-taking by Japanese tourists in earthquake-stricken areas was causing ill feeling among local residents ... .
The report showed that deaths on urban interstate highways rose 7 % between 1986 and last year , while fatalities on non-interstate roads were about the same in 1988 as in 1986 .
The reality is that Bank finances are rock solid .
The reality is that Bank loans have been linked to policy improvements for 40 years .
Mr. Roberts also takes a swipe at the Bank 's adjustment lending .
Mr. Ovalle also said Conasupo will cut back subsidies to producers of nonessential farm products and close retail outlets in wealthy neighborhoods .
The agency wo n't allow mushrooms that were canned or packed in brine at any Chinese plant to enter the U.S. until `` satisfactory sanitation-control measures are implemented in China to prevent '' bacterial contamination .
The shipments went mostly to food-service distributors that supply pizzerias and restaurants .
This is not the case .
Prime will still manage Ramada 's domestic franchise system when the sale closes .
One major advantage of the revised plan is that Aztar will have far less debt than under the old terms .
Bond prices rallied .
The poll conducted by the Roper Organization interviewed 2,002 adults age 18 and older from July 7 to July 15 , 1989 .
There is a more descriptive word to describe his lapse of common sense .
The blue-collar worker who decides to start a business will listen and take advice .
Unfortunately , they are in the minority .
It 's unfortunate so many must learn the hard way .
Earnings have rebounded in 1989 after a 20 % decline last year .
Before that he was president and chief operating officer of Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp .
`` Magazines can no longer be considered institutions , '' said James Autry , president of Meredith Corp. 's magazine group .
More than ever , independent magazines and small publishing groups are being gobbled up by larger publishing groups , such as American Express Publishing Corp. , a unit of American Express Co. , and Conde Nast Publications Inc. , a unit of Advance Publications Inc. , which are consolidating in order to gain leverage with advertisers .
Mr. Ritterman said that in the next six months he will take $ 50 million from the Soap Opera Digest sale to acquire new magazines .
They will be the next hot magazines .
He heads Litigation Sciences Inc. , the nation 's largest legal consulting firm , which is helping corporate America prepare for high-stakes litigation by predicting and shaping jurors ' reactions .
Some lawyers and scholars see the social scientists ' vision of the American jury system as a far cry from the ideal presented in civics texts and memorialized on the movie screen .
I find it troubling .
Litigation consulting had arrived .
As the trial progressed , they were eager to know if the jury was keeping up with them .
`` What you look for in a shadow jury is very much what you do when you give an opening argument to your wife or a friend and get some response to it .
Changing the outcome of the trial is what really matters .
Pre-trial polling helps the consultants develop a profile of the right type of juror .
( Since Litigation Sciences generally represents the defense , its job is usually to help the lawyers identify and remove such people from the jury .
Once a jury is selected , the consultants often continue to determine what the jurors ' attitudes are likely to be and help shape the lawyers ' presentation accordingly .
More important are what LSI calls `` psychological anchors '' -- a few focal points calculated to appeal to the jury on a gut level .
`` The essence of being a trial lawyer is understanding how people of diverse backgrounds react to you and your presentation , '' says Barry Ostrager of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett , who recently won a huge case on behalf of insurers against Shell Oil Co .
What you then do is you make them think inappropriately .
To hamper the work of litigation scientists , he suggests that courts sharply limit the number of jurors that lawyers can remove from the jury panel through so-called peremptory challenges -- exclusions that do n't require explanations .
) Furthermore , he says , psychologists should not be allowed to analyze jurors ' personalities .
Though Silicon Graphics is much smaller than Digital , Hewlett and Sun , it has emerged in recent years as a feared adversary in this graphics portion of the workstation market .
In addition to his interest in ozone depletion he has extensively studied the related topic of global warming , a theory that mankind 's generation of carbon dioxide through increased combustion of fossil fuels is creating a `` greenhouse effect '' that will work important climatic changes in the earth 's atmosphere over time .
It is generally agreed that when CFCs rise from earth to stratosphere , the chlorine in them is capable of interfering with the process through which ultraviolet rays split oxygen molecules and form ozone .
What scientists have known since the late 1970s is that there is a hole in the layer over Antarctica that expands or contracts from year to year .
Freon , introduced in 1930 , revolutionized America by making refrigeration and air conditioning practical after all .
Five states -- Oregon , Rhode Island , New Hampshire , Iowa and Wisconsin -- passed bills to boost the minimum wage , but measures in 19 other states were defeated .
In 17 central states , one small-business count shows lawmakers adopted only three of 46 bills mandating health coverage or parental leave .
Small business is bracing for an avalanche of similar proposals next year .
`` Those kinds of issues always keep coming back , '' says Robert Beckwith , who manages the Illinois Chamber of Commerce 's small-business office .
But small business , which generally detests government-mandated benefits , has taken note of the growing number of close votes .
Consequently , small business is taking more `` pro-active '' steps to counter mandated leaves .
`` We 'll be playing a lot of defense , especially in the Midwest and Northeast , '' says Jim Buente of the NFIB .
Firms are permitted wide flexibility in the child-care arrangements they provide .
Council member Joy Picus , the measure 's chief advocate , considers it part of a `` pro-family policy '' that makes Los Angeles a leader in `` humanizing the workplace .
Wessels & Pautsch , a small St. Charles law firm , plans to mail 500 customers a list of its lawyers ' new phone and fax numbers as well as updated Rolodex cards .
But while traffic was heavy early in the commute over the Golden Gate , by 8 a.m. it already had thinned out .
Bechtel Group Inc. , the giant closely held engineering concern , says it has instituted a 6 a.m. to 8 p.m. flextime arrangement , whereby employees may select any eight-hour period during those hours to go to work .
Playing black in the first game , the human champion maneuvered Deep Thought , known for its attacking prowess , into a totally passive position .
His strategy against D.T. was based on a thorough study of dozens of its games , he said , including its notorious whippings of the grandmasters Bent Larsen of Denmark and Robert Byrne of the U.S .
This became apparent as game one , a Sicilian Defense by Mr. Kasparov , proceeded .
Indeed , it looked more like a pawn , a `` tall pawn , '' as spectators snidely put it .
This left the computer with a broader range of plausible replies -- and it immediately blundered by moving a queenside pawn , to the neglect of kingside development .
In such positions , he explained , `` you have to create something new , and the computer is n't able to do that right now .
Now the thrift that issued the CD is insolvent , and Dr. Blumenfeld has learned to his surprise that the premium is n't insured under federal deposit insurance .
Especially at times like these , when declining rates make it hard for investors to get yields they have come to expect , too many people chase the promise of above-market returns without fully appreciating the risk .
But he says he did n't understand he was buying the CD on the secondary market , and he contends his broker never fully explained the risks .
Computations involving zero-coupon CDs are more complicated and you should discuss any questions you may have with your financial consultant .
In particular , many are snubbing the scotch preferred by their parents and opting for bourbon , the sweet firewater from the Kentucky countryside .
And those efforts are paying off : Spirits exports jumped more than 2 1|2 times to $ 157.2 million in 1988 from $ 59.8 million in 1983 , according to the Distilled Spirits Council of the U.S. , a trade group .
`` If you want to be a player , you have to be in America , Europe and the Far East .
But the shift has also been fueled by necessity .
California wineries , benefiting from lowered trade barriers and federal marketing subsidies , are expanding aggressively into Japan , as well as Canada and Great Britain .
Bourbon makes up just 1 % of world-wide spirits consumption , but it represented 57 % of U.S. liquor exports last year , according to Jobson ; no other category had more than 19 % .
In a speech to the Mortgage Bankers Association , Mr. Kemp broke the administration 's public silence on the Fed and complained that `` interest rates are too high .
With economic growth slowing , they say they believe the Fed should ease credit even further .
In the latest period , the company had an average of 370.8 million shares , 5.6 million shares below last year 's level .
While franchisees were having a tough time holding sales , McDonald 's company-operated stores posted hefty gains for the nine months , with sales per company-operated unit rising $ 20,000 .
Overseas , both franchisees and the company performed substantially better than a year ago .
Officials at Carnival declined to comment .
Carnival said the `` Fantasy , '' the first of the three $ 200 million ships that Carnival has on order , is scheduled to be delivered next month , just in time for the winter tourist season in the Caribbean .
The second ship , which is half-completed , is scheduled to be delivered in fall 1990 , and the third in fall 1991 .
Normally , a company pays a portion of the total cost of a ship as it reaches various stages of construction .
Carnival , for example , has already paid about $ 160 million of the total cost for Fantasy .
Designer Sandra Garratt filed for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy Code protection , saying that her cash flow had been cut off .
Ms. Garratt was the subject of a Wall Street Journal article in March .
